The facts are warped, twisted and distorted.
Vying for, fight for, compete for, jousting with.
Get a stunning, staggering outcome.
Get away from the country, escape, flee.
Get plenty, plethora, overabundance of alerting signals.
Problem and the ensuing discussions.
Mired in disputes.
Approve any move to relax pressure on it.
Weakness invites aggression.

To snuff you out, extinguish.
Entrenched in more lies.
The deterrent, to discourage something.
The gist of the question.
Inanity, pointlessness, ineptitude, stupidity, folly.
I have a hazy recollection.
The woe, great sorrow or distress.
Deplete resources, exhaust, tap resources, use them, pour resources.
Be part and parcel of something, be inseparable and partake.
The bank was fined for money laundering.

Let me elaborate on this.
Thank you for uplifting us.
A value judgment, assessing according to somebody's standards.
In plain sight, clearly visible, not hidden.
Everything what emerged out of it, came out of it.
To service the debt, insolvency.
To deprecate, protest, against it.
The economy has shrunk.
Exorcised by bloodletting and self-flagellation, self-pity.
To eschew violance, deliberately avoid using, abstain from.
To instill fear in people.

Built on rotten foundations.
Busy devising bluffs.
Predicament, quandary, a difficult and embarassing situation, in an awkward predicament.
A largely pointless trick.
To obfuscate, render obscure, unclear, or unintelligible.
Elections ushered in (resulted, triggered, prompted) a new government, inaugurate.
Equivocal, ambiguous, conflicting, contradictory, contentious, vague.
Sway people into liking you.

Readership.
It is a matter of fate.
To the best of my recollection.
It makes its way out of it.
Cramped within the confines of the frame.
Healthy warning, caveat.
Throughout history.
He'll walk you through the procedure.
That is to say.
We tried to get our point across to you.

God forbid!
Backslide, relapse into bad ways or errors.
Resource intensive workloads, amount of work to be done.
A one-time ally, settling scores.
Dug a little deeper into something.
Interplay, the way thing interact with each other.
News travels fast.
It suits you better, this way.
We've broken this guide into three categories.

Did you get the joke.
Feed this info to the prosecutors.
What is your judgment on that.
Keep the thumb out of the button.
Make fun of you, at any point.
Survival of the fittest.
Since last we spoke.
Trick question, trap.
Misdiagnose the problem.
The date was set for June, set up the meeting.
Sad state of affairs.

Spy, snoopy dog, stalking, snoop on something.
Bravado, show off, boldness intended to impress or intimidate.
Condescending, showing a supercilious attitude of patronising superiority.
To condescend to accept, not deign to discuss the matter with us.
He has no grasp of what it means.
Path of least resistance.
Riddled with inaccuracies.
The phones were tapped.
The reality is far grimmer.
Traveled with blindfolds on.
As war booty, spoils of war.
It requires undivided attention.
Rule out the chance.

It preys on traditional operating system vulnerabilities.
About a little-known fact.
I can confidently tell you.
We fall short of cash, lack or fail to reach to an expected standard, run low on supply.
Inroad, incursion, raid, stroke or progress, inroads in.
I don't prey on your kindness.
Take a wild guess.
To line lawyers' pockets; using his position to line his pockets.

I predicated my argument on the facts.
She meted out the cookies to each of them.
Fanciful, overimaginative and unrealistic.
To paint this as a rosy picture.
Can I drop in (by, on you) for a couple of minutes.
Gleaned (extracted, collected) from various sources.
Pour himself out, confide, tell in secret.
To instill and imbue good values, gradually but firmly establish.

Essentialise the ‘geopolitics’ over the reason.
Our plan backfired on us, had opposite result from the one intended.
It spans a century, or territory, comprises and includes.
It no longer holds true.
Priorities and deliverables, results.
Enduring challenges and volatile situation.
Like rarely before.
The learning curve is not that steep.
Is anything but easy.
Dismissive, unworthy of consideration, negligible.
Used to speak my mind.
You had better keep off of my property.

Ten votes apiece, for each one.
The mounting arrears, outstanding payments.
We are left with nothing.
The commission of a crime.
Forfeiture, the involuntary relinquishment of money or property without compensation.
The story is at odds with what the reporter says.
Be at odds (with) - be in conflict (with).
A tenet, doctrine proclaimed as true without proof.
Is ripe, baked in my mind.
To ease the strain.
And, to a lesser degree, about developing.

To bemoan (regret) the absence of a position.
Acrobatics to escape the point.
Which has yet to happen.
Setting deadlines and then missing them.
With the proviso that, condition or qualification attached to an agreement or statement.
Valuable input.
Replenish resources, fill them up again.
Either option has its cost.
What troubles me is that.
A tradeoff (compromise) between objectivity and relevance.
It came along later or in the future, emerged, started to exist, materialise.

Our team has an edge on (over) them, have advantage over.
Dejunk the house before you move, dispose of cluttered or unwanted stuff.
To shove (push roughly) off or into the project.
Shove it up your ass, vulgar invective.
For the moment it’s stalled.
It looks as if the big powers negotiate over their heads.
The regime was tumbling down (fall) like a house of cards.
Further fleshing out of the role, enlarge and expand, flesh out more.
Conjure up (invoke, by incantation) unreal facts, conjure with (plot, conspiracy).
To phase out, the act of gradually discontinuing the process.
Get in touch, reach out to, get through to some boby.

It doesn't hold water,  not able to be proved, insubstantial.
Find common ground, a foundation for mutual understanding, shared beliefs.
A dustbin, garbage can, trash bin.
Some prescriptions are squiggles, illegible writings.
Don't linger on this issue too long. Don't dwell on it.
Archrival, the principal rival, main opponent.
His power has ebbed away, receded.
It's safe to say that.
Make up your mind where to go, decide after consideration.
Tilt the balance of power, shift the balance.
Great gig in the sky.
To abduct someone, to kidnap and force to go with you, abduction.

I would put it that way.
Can I jump in for a moment, interrupt.
Before you go on, I'd like to say that.
As the talks get underway, begin to happen, unfold.
Inasmuch as, the provisions apply inasmuch as it is effected - whereas, since.
Contentious issue - causing or likely to cause disagreement.
In broad daylight.
Aimless, purposeless.

It begs the question of where, how.
A cog in a wheel, a pawn.
Mind your business.
Take belongings and hit the road.
Trust your gut, inner voice.
European heavyweights, dignitaries.
Until basic democratic norms are reinstated.
It serves different purposes.
Let's do it along the way.

Hats off to you for getting it done.
Share this intel with us.
But I digress, move away from subject.
Digression. Take a little detour.
Era of lecturing is long over.
Unscrupulous and thuggish behavior.
Thuggish looking men.
We stand ready to assist.
Come up with a solution.
Snappy or sluggish. Malicious.
To gag someone, gag law, gagging law, prohibit free expression.

Besides it's troublesome on its one.
To rat out his friend to the police.
The limbo of being, the uncertain awaiting of decision.
He exubes (radiates) bonhomie.
Either of those things are true.
He won't age well.
Rambling speech, lengthy and confusing.
Helpful to the first time reader.
Reap the consequences.
Must be painstakingly followed, scrupulously, fastidiously.

Resentful of this intervention, aggrieved, annoyed.
The entire case rests on one allegation.
Pester, nag, badger, repeatedly ask to do.
To seek leave to do it, to ask the permission of the court.
We turned to a crafty technique.
A month away, nonetheless.
What part do you struggle to comprehend.
Get loose, release of confinement.
Don't mince words, matters.
It passed all bounds.
Take precedence over it, is more important.

Retentive memory.
Get a chance to shine.
You're missing the point.
Friction and resentment between us.
Lower your mask.
Eyewash, misleading or deceptive statements or action.
Flush out from hidden position.
Take and pick, from the list.
Flat question.
The description fits everyone.
Suit yourselves.
Tamper with evidence, evidence tampering, conceal, falsify and destroy.
Fall into disarray.

We fought tooth and nail to get it done.
I happened upon a stranger.
Break loose, escape from restraint.
The prequel and sequel of the story.
Intimate knowledge, marked by close acquaintance.
The implementation is lagging behind.

At long last, after much waiting.
Regain consciousness.
Strategy worth considering.
Regardless of her meaning well.
Nothing that binds us.
To repent is not enough. Feign contrition.
Day of reckoning has come.
How pleasing.
This would suit the purpose.
Everyone who cares to listen.
You're laughing at me.

Ambitions far above capabilities.
Ordeal, a painful or horrific experience, especially a protracted one.
Declined the proffered honour.
The incumbent president, currently holding office. The incumbent, holder of post.
This is beneath me.
The only word you can conjure in this parley.
The answer rests in your question.
They are the least of my concerns.
None to speak of.
Untrue by an inch, untrue by a mile.
It can breed resentment. Spawn and beget.

If nobody minds.
Tragedy averted.
Soil the suit, smear, stain, defile, mar, dirty.
Cling to life.
Exonerated of all charges levied against him by the Law.
You get the picture.
You defile everything you touch.
He fared well in his profession. It fared ill or badly with him.
A country stuck in transition.
Alleviate your misgivings, have an apprehension.
Be sick with worry, extremely worried.
But otherwise, thanks for the rundown.

He is well versed in lying.
Time for this is long past.
Beneath the mask.
I begin to be vexed with this.
The recipe for disaster.
Who stand to benefit from it.
Words of confort, pressing matter.
We present you this offer.
Pay in kind, in similar manner.
Errant ways, straying from standards.
Resentment, bitter feelings of being treated unfairly.

Wrath of the gods.
Snatch assets, quickly seize in a rude or eager way.
To outwit or best the opponent.
Spill the coffee.
But you hushed up this case, whitewashed it.
The question that plagues me.
In retribution for their raids.
Deliverance, of being rescued, released, liberated.
The pertaining paragraphs occur further.
Meting out a due panishment.
Raise awareness of corruption.
To buy into it, completely believe it.

Didn't he deign to answer the question, to condescend.
If you will deign to honour it with your presence.
To marshal the thoughts, expose, organise, articulate.
Lamentally failed.
A couple of quick points.
To impart to, to break the news of or about, to them.
Untill we see the facts, this is a blabber, she blabbered on and on.
Attempt to stifle democracy, suffocate.
In last year alone.
Reinvigorate the economy in the area.
The largest of the kind.

The best you can master.
To contend with the threats.
Built on the unshakable commitment.
Here comes the question.
Are you willing to compromise on it.
I've set out principles.
If I can take the first question first.
To abide by the decision.
To be ambitious about this.
Which seeks to instill confrontation.
Pupil who should be tutored.
To tinge, tinged with abjection, presented as.

Don't get pulled into endless assignments.
Don't dismiss it as mere stupidity.
You should beware of it, be on full alert and warned of it.
Thing that struck me.
Drawing on the circumstances.
Geared toward building the case on nothing.
The story hasn't unfolded as expected back then.
The EU's gravitational pull.
Pressure will mount drastically.
Scapegoat, as a minconceived opinion.

The dissemination of information.
The feud took its tall on both sides.
The lesson has really paid off.
Endure the pain with deep-seated distrust.
Unravel - investigate and solve, sort out, explain.
We bluster, talk aggresively with little effect.
Our acquiescence, reluctant acceptance without protest.
Riddled and teemed with platitudes.
Suppress, clamp down on media freedoom.
Bears witness of a crime, proves that it is true.

To sideline the player, marginalise.
It renders the efforts useless.
The bane of my existence, cause of my misfortune, baneful, pernicious.
A nagging discrepancy, vexing disarray.
It stands out from the crowd.
No guts, no glory - fortitude, determination, toughness of character.
My gut reaction.
It lies ahead of us.
The event kicks off today, mark the start.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
A relic Soviet agency.
The scam was masterminded by him.
Oftentimes, to lift millions out of poverty.
Fanning the flames of nationalist populism.

No political breakthrough anywhere in sight.
Have good reason to feel content.
Marked the peak of his influence.
Pre-eminent oligarch, stand out of or suprassing all others.
Firmly in the ascendancy as the next term looms.
We haven't yet worked out what to do if they start disagreeing.
The information percolates through the censorship.
For whom the bell tolls.
In a court case that had pitted his word against another’s.
Truce, armistice, agreement between enemies to stop fighting.

Roll up our sleeves.
To take the liberty to send out the message.
Stalled process, clogged up with old problems, cluttered.
To decry the human rights abuses, publicly denounce.
Divisive actions, tending to instill disagreement.
Arrested her on trumped up charges.
A blessing in disguise.
Uncannily accurate.
Came onto the scene with more awareness of the problem.

He nodded in acquiescence in that they propose.
The thieves concocted a simple plan, invented, devised.
Whatever he concocted.
Despite the rising unease.
He has a very strong aversion to us.
Make my presence felt.
I don't want to run a risk of doing so.
In a long run, in the short run.
Run afoul of the police, into a severe conflict.
Run rampant, grow out of control.
Rumor has it that they are entwined.
The request should be years old by now.

In order to allay the social tensions.
To sober him up.
Was is worth the effort? It seems worth considering.
I don't question your due diligence.
They went as far as to say that this is fictitious.
As if I care what he thinks.
It has received less coverage.
I am right in saying that.
Somebody rustles in the bush.
Landslide victory, an overwhelming majority.
