We'll get to it.
It sounds a little suspect to me.
Stand on firm grounds.
With crude estimations.
It causes me a heap of troubles.
A timely moment.
Are we ready to bring it about?
Preparations are in full swings, are underway.
Money was siphoned.
Call into doubt, into question, scrutinise.

Embroiled and tangled in incessant, ceaseless fuss.
This spawns rumours.
Cases tried and determined.
This is mind-boggling.
Under the guise of, under the veneer of lawfulness.
We remain clueless about.
Elusive goal.
To revamp (rehabilitate, repair and improve an old thing) an old idea.
Not that it matters, but.

Unleash his fury.
Baffled by his wickedness and mischief.
Bogged into intricacies.
It keeps us in check.
This sickens me, it stinks.
He is prone to material incentives, susceptible.
A big blow to the cause.
An inducement to coax you.
Chat with somebody.
By sheer accident.
You caught us off-guard.

No fact underpins it.
Off topics and out of context.
Stumble on him, encounter by chance.
Mingle diplomats with morons and jerks.
Strike off the rolls and docket.
I'll figure it out, work it out.
Gear up for challenges.
Cram the agenda in one hour.

Domestic avenues exhausted.
Above all else, stretch the truth.
Intelligible or difficult to grasp.
Heavily involved, looked from afar.
First off, to top it all.
In due course, period of limitation.
Conceded with a shrug.

More nuisance and annoyance than fun.
Magic wand.
Trample on roses.
Have the effrontery to say it.
Ruse, ploy and subterfuges.
Dissemble fear by smiling.
Poke around the clash.
Probe the mud for worms.
The flip-side of triumphant cynicism.
The curiosity outweighs fear.
This is pretty much it.

The onset of the issue.
Relaxed moral standards.
Let's sharpen the question.
Plunge, immerse in documents.
During the intermission.
Money funnelled, drained out.
Rest on laurels.
Are we quits now?
Rebuke for the mistake.
A pun, a wordplay.
Once in awhile.

Frank and outspoken.
Gain the upper hand.
Convoluted, too complex.
To recoup the funds embezzled.
From the grounds up.
Neat and tidy, elegant, and innocuous, harmless.
Social cohesion.
Blandishment, meant to flatter.
Stoke the conflict.
Pitfall, trap, lair.

The responsibility rests on you.
He's shying away from the answer.
Put mildly, he shuns the answer, dodges it.
I'm gonna filch this joke from you.

Lately, it has fallen out of use.
Pass it on, hand it over to me.
A sudden surge of interest.
It resonates with my humble opinion.

At your first convenience.
He's stirring up trouble.
I'm hampered by my scarce vocabulary.
Please pass my greetings to him.
We're off the beaten track.

I can't vouch for him.
I submit that this is forgery.
Can we compromise on it?
It's often equated with recklessness.
The Prime Minister vows (pledge) reforms.

We stay bound to the commitment.
Have I got it across to you?
He'll mop the floor with you.
You are seemingly betting on a wrong horse.

In tight schedule, on short notice.
On schedule, ahead of schedule, behind schedule.
The outcome depends on conditions as well as how events unfold. The facts started to unfold before them.

Find something to your liking.
Facts set out in this Note.
System glitch and quirk.
His latest infamous deed (stunt), acrobatics.
You live a lie.

Clear and unequivocal.
Grossly unfair.
Recourse to proceedings.
To escape further persecutions.
Wield arbitrary power and authority.
Lack of effective protection of human rights.
Falsely accused of crimes.
Perpetrated on them by the culprit, cronies and stooges.
Has hidden the proceeds of his illegal raids.
Under Communist rule.
Back to its rightful owner.
Renewed and extended loan.
Appropriation of foreign property.
To put across is to explain.

Conventional wisdom.
I am haunted by this obsession.
Changes that occurred over such a short time span.
And has continued to this day.
Let ambitions cloud thinking.
With the grace of god.

Keep up with your train of thoughts.
He brazenly spouted lies.
Ascend to the summit of power.
Overtly or covertly.
Lick the wounds.

Under the hood, underhand, under-stage.
Purposely crafted to a particular end.
Praise for a flurry of activities.
System of checks and balances.
Have no scruples or remorse.
The whistleblower.
To what extent.

Self-bestowed titles.
Untamed maniacal swindler.
It is a marvel to me.
Who gives a damn.
It suffices to say.
Fiction displaces and supersedes facts.
Resurrect the old system.

Boundless opportunities in vivid details.
Shipwreck debris.
A riddle still remains.
The team shows fatigue.
Scramble through obstacles.
Run out of patience.
At a rough guess.
Proceed on the above basis.
Wipe the tears.
Values you espouse, embrace, advocate.

Everyone charged with criminal offences shall be presumed innocent until found guilty according to the law.
Subjected to politically motivated and improperly influenced criminal prosecution and convictions which have no legal basis.
Unlawful misconduct for which the state is responsible under the Convention.
Flagrant violation of rule of law and Convention rights.
What is especially noteworthy is that, perhaps uniquely in the history.
They and their families are in enforced exile, in a very precarious position as fugitive from justice.
The court files were improperly doctored to give the appearance of legal regular proceedings.
Orchestrated by and to the benefit of the culprit.
Not only did the court lack jurisdiction.
Breach of the rule of random allocation of cases.
Nor did it specify what property he is alleged to have appropriated.
The allegation is without any justification in law and fact.
The distortion and misapplication of substantive law and the Code of Criminal Procedure.

Loutish and blatant heist.
It appals me.
Brazen and impudent plunder.
Despicable and repugnant lie.
Cogent and compelling evidence.
Forceful argument.
Inadvertent blunder, typo, Freudian slip, accidental and fortuitous.
Doughty and audacious reforms, fortitude.
Redundant and futile action.
Reticent about his affairs.
Extinct and defunct system.
Hazy legislation and fuzzy legal frame.
Not a foggiest idea.
Sluggish reaction, lagging behind.
Hasty, expeditious and unimpeded.
Wanton and egregious scam.
Broad and purposive interpretation.
Insidious devious scheme.
Witty and caustic remark.
Forcible or voluntary enforcement.
Charge imputed to prop up the allegation.
He was charged under article one.
The budget has to be trimmed.

I submit it for your consideration.
It meshes with our plans.
To awaken your interest for the topics.
Their ostensible goal was to curb corruption.

You reap what you saw.
They lean to bargain with this individual.
His testimony fits the facts you are reticent about.
A wide disagreement among various sources.
Lift the fog around it.
This is a simple-minded view, albeit fairly confident.
The clue in this pivotal moment.

Are still debatable to some extent.
It is dressed in too much intricate complexity.
It poses strong restrictions and nontrivial threats.
Don't concern yourself with the details.
The rest presumably awaits discovery.

Few quick points to your last comeback.
Does it sound familiar?
As it turned out, it was worth doing.
Figuratively speaking, this is indicative.
The attempts resulted in his resignation.

Genuinely, annoyingly difficult.
Deceptively simple to glimpse into the root.
It just feeds my suspicion and conviction.
Rude, impolite, but no strings attached.
You're talking in riddles.

It's gratifying and he feels valued.
It has echo effects, healing effect.
Pretty much a mixture of both.
It befell us, submitting us to severe injustice.
The culprit who devised and perpetrated the scam.

Detached from reality.
Rescue, bailout you.
It flatters and indulges us.
Pursue the goal, bend rules, attain it.
He has commissioned a poll.
We got a keen awareness of the repercussions.
Don't quarrel with facts (wrangle, blowup), don't overlook them.

As a result of that.
Devoid of sense and pointless.
He will soon lose his zeal and warm admiration.
His keen and witty intellect astonishes me.
The question is worth answering.
Such measures would be redundant.
Gain a safe shelter in the wake of the retaliation.
You mistook me for someone else.
Inbuilt bias, gloomy prospects and grim statistics.

Incidentally, not on purpose.
Then I rest my case.
The habitat of an artist.
On the verge of fraud.
Don't ascribe any significance to it.
It's worthwhile or worthless to embellish the facts.
The background latency, taken for granted.
A hash of unorganised stories.

Thwart the processes.
Disseminate information amidst his peers.
Hinder to exercise the rights.
Preemptive measures gained acceptance.
He coerces the judges' obedience.
He won't contend fairly with his rivalry.

Don't bother to listen.
Delusion of grandeur, even under oath.
Something is rotten, here rather than in Shakespeare's work.
The decision entails much subsequent commitment.
We quest to learn how things can budge.
A prominent (notorious) thief and villain, particularly noticeable.
Reputedly, reportedly and arguably.
The heist's sole beneficiary.

When their interests are at stake.
Sentencing his enemies on command.
Who was driven out of the country.
They eavesdrop and wiretap all over.
You're gifted with clairvoyance.
We've been charged with invented offences (figments).
We seek redress and rest assured of it.
It culminated with a climax of cleptocracy.

In the nutshell, stripped to its essentials.
They cheat with impunity, exempted of punishment.
He's reportedly dizzy with success.
They're opposing stiff and stubborn resistance.
He's dubbed so, a sort of nom de guerre.
It makes no sense and makes no difference.

You have taken this on pure faith.
We have scant respect for such attitude.
They switched emphasis under utterly hollow pretext.
We are set on waging a campaign against him.
We may reasonably infer that from conclusive evidence.
For two weeks now.
It constantly eludes me, how come!
Villains sided with villains.

A thorough or cursory scrutiny.
Not an astute examiner.
It is perhaps worth reiterating.
To reconcile and then reciprocate.
It proved to having swam against the tide.
He attained the zenith of fame.
It steers us towards the worst scenario.
Given the evidence, await the boomerang effect.
Seeking refuge, compelled to flee the country.

The uneven application of law.
Now let's tweak the position, our stance.
You gripped our attention.
Barely imitating activities and feigning reforms.
Squeeze perjuries from ostensible witnesses.

Evocative buzzword.
We don't want you to meddle.
We'll heed this sage advice.
Cannon fodder and not a peer accomplice.
Broadly speaking, a broad brush approach.
The one who emanates menaces.
Cherry-picking the facts and reckon so.

Lure the animal with a bait.
Clumsy use of language.
Clear-cut, crisp and conspicuous.
The jar is crammed with baloney.
You've got a valid point.
Bluff yourself with this nasty framed-up case.
The mob runs out of patience.
Set off on the right course, heading toward the final act.
Tedious, boring, tiresome and cumbersome.
Muddy reconnaissance.
Just mark my words.

Dispel any doubts.
Get an adverse, untoward, pernicious impact.
How can we give credence to such a crook?
You conflated facts with fallacy, in a confluence.
I dare to dissent from your viewpoint.
He's been cleared of all allegations.
Debunk all myths.
Despite efforts to silence critics.

Burden of proof.
Operating on the assumption that this is true.
Assets divested, right deprived, people afflicted, damage inflicted.
For the dread of his foes.
This is impugned matter and moot question.
Bandit territory and kangaroo courts.
We've been denied fundamental justice.

They are simply muddying the waters.
On an uncharted territory.
The institutions got numb and crippled.
You cut into our time, trespass on our time.
Pervasive illusion, ubiquitous perception, rife corruption.
Venal judges, cunning raider, sly and crafty.
Effrontery, having the nerve telling this.
Lame fantasies and conjectures.
Apart from your hunch, there are records.

To my amazement.
The solution lies in the removal.
Reshuffle the same people.
Stain on his reputation, tainted by allegations.
What all the fuss is about?
Rules are flouted in agencies devoid of independence.
He piles tremendous pressure over them.
That's the way to torment us.
Abject misery, it connotes a pejorative context (invectives).

He sneaked in by the back door.
They misrepresent the situation.
Sober discussion, but who bothers to listen.
They divvied up the country and morphed into dictatorship.
Wetting your appetite for a deeper investigation.
The docket is not yet set up.
Tantalising questions, teasing and appealing proposal.
Faulty data pale in comparison with the whole fairy tale.
His crony, acolyte, proxy, nexus, henchman, stooge.

The investigation seems to stall. It's stalemated.
To unshackle a crippled society, plagued by rampant corruption.
Can I interpose, or interject, provided that you allow me.
We have to forestall and avert it by discontinuing to endorse the swindlers.
Much to my bewilderment, in stark contrast to it.

Right to confront prosecution witnesses.
Presumption of innocence.
Absence of legal certainty.
Unfair and unequal legal proceedings.
No proper or sufficient reasons for decisions.
Violation of "tribunal established by law" requirements.
Right to an independent and impartial tribunal.
Freedom of speech.

Given such a political landscape.
To my dismay and consternation.
He continually disavows his past.
He blew the trumpet.
He repudiated previous practices (refuse to be associated with).
Prefatory remark, introductory note.
One can readily conceive that.
Happily, it went viral.
It goes without saying that.
I carve out time for reading.
Withstand the travails.
Plenty of room, opulence.
Something significant is afoot, is about to happen.
By-product and side-effect.
Renovations are slated for late June.
He was at the helm, steering.
Stop yelling and whining.
To narrow down the available selections.

Damn freaking simple.
Hounded by the police.
Hit the road, take a powder.
It is not in dispute that it was done.
This is beside the point.
Contrary to his contentions.
In truth, merely for the sake of illustration, of brevity.
How nice of you to grace us with your presence.

Play rough and abide the risk.
The contentions become mired, stuck in mud.
It the more so embarrasses us.
A long-standing feud between two camps.
The judge has commuted the sentence.
Are you stalking me?

The difficulties that ensued from their commitment.
Forestall hasty judgements.
Uncanny resemblance.
Undertaking researches.
He called a meeting to solicit their views.
The outreach of his propaganda.
Being slammed for whitewashing the scam and tainted reputation.
We are slow to respond to the challenge.
Given that it is obsolete.
The ball is in your court, amongst other things.

They had to succumb to the strain.
Problems built up over two decades.
While you are busy making jokes.
This idea lay dormant for many years.
Lit by the sun.
He ushered in a new era.
It is a modern notation for complicity.
Lay your doubts to rest.

His insistence finally paid off.
The loudest critic.
Apologies to them are long overdue.
To wrangle with it, outside the scope.
Duly noted. Point taken.
Settle scores amongst former partners.
Learn the hard way.
On a side note, contiguous issues.
We were relieved to find out.
An ill-chosen moment, and rigged polls, doctored.

Has it ever crossed your mind?
Out of curiosity.
Thinking out loud.
We stand by these principles.
It goes unnoticed among the readers.
It left its imprint on the situation.
The legacy of the conflict.
Foregone conclusion, a priori.
To scrap the agreement, discard as obsolete.
