It might be a stretch, an exaggeration, to assume he knew about the plan – there isn't enough evidence to make that assumption confidently.
Any scholar worth their salt (deserving their position or pay) is going to be suspicious of such accounts.
Many of those copies have obviously been altered or modified to support the contentions, the claims that are disputed, debatable, or advanced as part of an argument.
The central contention of the paper is that language shapes thought.
It quietly faded into history.
He stuns the world.
Lost in the mist.
Until well after the end.
It left the vast majority in abject penury.
Ideals enshrined in the declaration, and we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are endowed with certain unalienable rights, among which is the pursuit of happiness.
Here is a breakdown of how they compare.
So I won't belabor that part, explaining excessively.
All we get is a skeletal summary.
They robbed dry the rest, to bleed someone dry, to rob completely.
You don't need to belabor the obvious, explain more than the necessary.

That model is a good fit for you.
With endless verbal maneuvering, getting
immunity from falsification or verification.
But there are a few distinctions worth making.
Not for nitpicking, but it all hinges on one, critical passage.
This question reveals a misunderstanding about quarks.
They could not have known events before they happened.
The shoot-and-scoot tactics.
He created man in his own image.
Put another way, held grudges, picked fights, attempted to destroy others, and used "sock puppet" authors in order to bolster his own arguments.
It was signaling the containment of the expansion.
They could rush in to scoop up what's up for grabs.
A patch, a piece of material used to mend or cover a hole.
Give him a nudge, push to move.
We are done babysitting.
Lying without batting an eye, without flinching, without hesitation.
By using faith to bypass evidence, you see a failure of intellectual integrity.
Unyielding attachment to prejudice.
The ability to wall off certain areas from inquiry.
The cost of leaving the tribe he was raised in is too high.
They have a proven capacity for denial.
He is simply an irrational person who has learned how to mimic logic for a paycheck.
Truth is something you can switch off when it becomes inconvenient for your childhood traditions.
To a purist, truth is not a buffet where you can pick evidence for your propulsion systems, and faith for your origin story.
The person values the comfort of a traditional identity over the uncomfortable reality
that his tradition either ignored, replaced with myths, or flat-out contradicted for centuries.
He usually views it with suspicion or outright hostility.
He was formally convicted of very serious charges that carried the death penalty, capital punishment.
The perceived threat to the political order, as sacrilege, mocking sacred rites and undermining accepted social practice.
The real situation was more nuanced.
That’s a plausible critique, but it needs some calibration.
He expected to be denounced by his own students.
So any claim about his personal fear is inference, not documented fact.
Channels to eat nutrients and poop waste.
It actually handicaps your own army, and the immune system.
Depending on how academic you want to sound.
He would organically fit right into the ranks of the sect.
All problems stem from this.
Spend time and energy on efforts that yield no results.
If evidence ever surfaced.
Low intelligence usually goes hand in hand with high self-confidence.
A bloated bureaucratic apparatus.
Live with a sense of guilt and shame.
The question has long puzzled scientists and doctors alike, and made them think hard about it.
I was left impressed by it.
A whole country that's gone mad, how to bring it back to its senses.
It could challenge everything we thought we knew about it.
We had to drop everything to deal with it.
Our heart's fondest hopes and desires.
It tricks the bacteria into destroying their own structural integrity, and exploits a microscopic design flaw.
It was habitual to refer to this in this manner.
Correct me if I get something wrong.
She put the country on oil and gas needle.
Verbal communication can hold a group together or drive a wedge among members, hindering the accomplishment of goals, creating separation, conflict, or division.
They relied entirely on context.
The conflict is treated as a settled issue rather than an ongoing debate.
The disbelief crept over him slowly.
We are essentially playing word games to avoid a socially stigmatized label.
He did not bother to specify this.
Now, it lays rather dormant.
The length you read off the ruler.
They gasped not just at the appearance, sighed.
So that people can see through the lies.
When it became known, there was a loud scandal.
Quick and dirty way.
So we inch toward a deal.
Therefore, answering "No" is factually and legally correct, so confidently do so.
Don't tease the bear, he added and burst into tears.
To signal to whose side you are actually on.
This was a high-register literary language crafted for rhetoric and poetry.
Great success. Clutter gone.
And burning at the stake for persistent heresy.
I know of no exceptions.
He played a disproportionately big role in this.
Amid all the global bacchanalia unfolding.
This mirrors how dictatorships often criminalize ordinary behavior and use random punishment to intimidate society, how corrupt systems criminalize decency.
A frank person doesn't sugarcoat things, beat around the bush, or hide their thoughts to spare someone's feelings.
By wrapping the truth in diplomacy.
Neither of those worked out.
You can actually spot the trick without a calculator.
The truth was plain to see, plain to notice.
Everyone is time conscious and punctual.
This issue has become a flashpoint for our debate.
Jurisdiction in early modern Europe was often based on physical custody, much as criminal jurisdiction is today.
And claimed authority to try him.
The relationship soured.
He could navigate the risks.
That proved to be a catastrophic miscalculation.
The outcome might conceivably have been different.
After which his prospects worsened dramatically.
As part of a prearranged plot to hand him over.
Once you get hands-on experience.
It developed in a completely different cultural crucible.
He stuns the world with a bombshell announcement.
Its influence is impossible to overstate.
He was fed up with constant dodges and dances around this issue.
No, not in the least.
A project in early maturation.
It is the government impropriety, indecent or improper behaviour.
The meeting led to several consequential decisions, which had major effects.
A large wave capsized the boat, overturned it.
I am in favour of the early date for a number of reasons, but principally two.
I accept that I don’t know what the origin of the universe is instead of making up fairytales.
Notwithstanding the difficulties, we succeeded.
He was tired - nonetheless, he finished the report.
Can you think of an example of this?
Where does he get all the power he is using to trouble the world?

Not as yet.
Get over it and get a life.
Who in their right mind would say such a thing?
Go sit in the corner.
Few can boast such performance, and to brag of such quantity.
It occurred to me, stop being a nag, you have a bad temper.
They can't bear the thought of the possible forfeit of their happiness, loss because of a mistake, rule, or penalty.
This topic animated everybody.
The message didn't get across, as he digressed into a story about his childhood, he temporarily left the main line of thought.
He divagated for several minutes, rambling or wandering without focus or aim.
To the chagrin of propagandists of all stripes, to their embarrassed disappointment.
The negotiations between the two countries began in earnest after years of tension.
It helps you notice when you’re getting tipsy, slightly drunk and talkative, and stop before overdoing it.
He has acknowledged receiving it.  
He has been slightly more coy, shy or modest in a flirtatious way.
It has sparked such a firestorm in international circles.
The "burden of action" is on them and we shouldn't be making overtures without their concessions.
Left free to go about his business.
An unexpected detail emerged regarding the so-called hearings.
The question caught me completely unawares, took me by surprise.
In any event, I didn't mean to pry.
By hook or by crook, achieving a goal by any means necessary, whether through honest or dishonest methods, fair or unfair.
Their reputation suffered irretrievable damage, beyond repair.
He chose an unconventional path in her career, an unusual and not an ordinary path.
People who make the biggest impacts are the one they go after.
Ensure the title is reflective of the content.
Cherry on top.
Ultimately, he grew frustrated with this approach.
Stop dwelling in the past and stop worrying about the future.
The question entails that the image offers a glimpse into the lives of historical figures.
If you don’t mind us speaking.
Well, someone appears to have fallen out of the ‘Stupid Tree’, bouncing off every branch on the way down.
An attempt by a left-leaning campus to control the narrative.
Take care of stray cats.
They had to slash their budget significantly after the unexpected expenses arose, to reduce the budget.
Earlier sources, some of which are no longer extant, albeit nothing of note.
Quit looking for free handouts, things given away for free.
Tend my sheep, look after or attend to them.
That’s true, as far as it goes, up to a point, to the extent that something is true, valid, effective, or useful, but no further.
The sun is at its strongest.
The difficulty levels are worlds apart, quite different.
It is like a set of Russian Nesting Dolls.
The screening used by clinicians to detect cognitive impairment or early dementia.
Deflating the protest and letting off steam.
I am struggling to find the right word.
He might finally relinquish his hold on the waterway - this is what he can't get.
But I hope you get a chance to find out.
Many witnesses attested to what happened,  and testified to it.
They braced for a potential crash.
A bold face lies.
He cares only about himself.
He thumbed his nose at the rules, he deliberately showed contempt for the rules, showed disrespect, mockery, or defiance.
His remarks are blunt and unabashedly hostile - shamelessly, brazenly, openly, and boldly.
He looked abashed as he realized his blunder.

It slipped my mind.
The liars pretend to suffer from memory blackout.
We judged it manageable.
It came from two different sources that reinforce each other.
You rephrased your question in a tricky way.
Religion alone usually does not meet this threshold.
That description captures the dependency, but not the full structure.
Sounds deep, but besides the issue.
Find solace in myths.
Let me unpack the main positions so you can see where the disagreement really sits.
They are held in a way that resists correction.
Divergence not because there are no minds at work.
There is no decisive method to settle disputes.
The less confidence we should have that it tracks truth.
Does it amount to an insult?
There’s no indication they are making such a claim.
It can slash the time in half.
Epistemology is the branch of philosophy focused on the nature, origin, scope, and limits of human knowledge – it investigates what it means to know something, how knowledge is acquired, and the criteria for justifying beliefs.
Not staging a legend, but enacting a known script with purpose, to signal a message.
It is problematic because we cannot directly assess intent with certainty.
It sounded great at the time.
Your earlier point connects here.
That’s why the boundary can look blurry at first glance.
It's barely two minutes long, and it's absolutely unmissable.
His attitude is nothing like the patient demeanor he usually displays.
We have had "growing pains" transitioning to it.
This is where things get interesting.
There have been different versions extant in his time.
He got the belt treatment for misbehaving.
The apparent discrepancy is to be solved anagogically,  by mystical interpretation.
Where it falls in the timeline.
The passengers were stranded, left in a helpless position, typically stuck in a place without transportation, money, or means to leave, trapped or abandoned.
He went off on me for being five minutes late, suddenly became very angry and attacked me verbally, by yelling, ranting, or complaining loudly.
He should stop catering to the Radical Left, to provide, satisfy, or attend to the specific needs, desires, or whims of a particular person or group - it’s hurting him very badly.
How can this guy look at himself in the mirror?
The funds are earmarked for building new classrooms next year, set aside, reserved or designated for a specific purpose.
These are the prerequisites of progressive government and the earmarks of ideal statehood.
Don't tell him to stay in his lane, on the short leash.
He just wants to bait people into liking him.
You can learn from this mistake of mine and not make your own.
It sounds about right.
Make no mistake - accountability is coming.
That company is a copycat of Apple, an imitation of it.
Nothing untoward, no untoward effects, without untoward consequences, inappropriate or undesirable.
Someone who achieves moral clarity through reason.
He tended to treat every cough as a childhood trauma.
No matter what you said, he could twist it to fit his narrative.
As if he discovered a different kind of "truth" that doesn't need to be proven.
A sorrowing sigh escaped her lips, revealing her inner turmoil.
Phlogiston was a now-discredited scientific idea.
To a degree this is arbitrary.
It does completely short-circuit the brains.
Meanwhile, bloggers tried to sort fact from fiction.
A synoptic overview of the theory, a general summary.
He will go to great lengths to pay a tribute to his master.
It sure feels as though the world is on fire, raising the odds that it is for long.

He later dismissed the rumours as ungrounded, and set out to write further messages, set about writing them.
It starts up, but, working unstable, quickly stalls at idle.
She sounded apologetic for being late, showing regret and remorse.
A huge portion of it is self-referential.
There is a logical fallacy called the Texas Sharpshooter.
Did I ask to scream at me?
We're trying to get the message out to the public.
We aren't psychologically wounded by that.
This feature is nowhere to be found., even by an unfathomable number.
Before I hand back the communication, I turn back to you.
It falls out of your statement, results and is deduced.
They planned staging an attempt.
Two isolated powers using each other to sharpen their swords.
Before the signal dissipates in noise.
The proposal has merit, the case has no merit, doesn't deserve consideration, the court's decision on the case's merit.
By some metrics, the festival attracted a multifold audience, ranging from families to art enthusiasts.
Not sure it holds across all claims.
Recognition means acknowledging who actually holds power, not endorsing how they got it, plus commercial incentives.
Lucretius, De rerum natura, the atoms that now make up you were once part of other beings and will later be part of others.
We are being led astray.
Your comment shouts ignorance, and screams incompetence.
It’s a crafted literary language, not casual talk.
A man of calibre, of great distinction and excellence.
Showing a greater fondness for their own opinions than for truth.
He was financially strained and his health declined.
Most of the answers seem spot-on, exactly right.
I will get on it later.
Nobody looked over there.
During his tenure as CEO, profits increased.
They have a gargantuan appetite.
He also promised to rid the world of evil.
It is due to clogged toilets, so your experience has proof.
His vanity, a strong desire to be admired or praised by others, also a broader sense of self-importance or concern with status, who seeks approval, admiration, or attention.
He waited for hours in vain, but his friend never showed up.
You are thinking along the right lines.
Your critique is valid: the evidence is not airtight, irrefutable.
They framed historical struggles in ideological terms, expressed in a particular manner.
History and identity matter a great deal.
Moral questions are secondary to security.
Their positions evolved over time.
The Aesopian language is a method of communication designed to bypass censorship.
The objectives are nearing completion.
The answer is a definite no.
The question is heavily loaded with the onesided interpretation.
What I heard is neither serious nor worthy of response.
I have noticed your behavior, and I find it beneath the comment.
You are posing as an independent journalist.
What I heard is neither serious nor worthy of response.
I have noticed your behavior, and I find it beneath the comment.
You are posing as an independent journalist.
The local communities had to bear the brunt, to endure the main force, worst part, or heaviest impact of something unpleasant, such as damage, criticism, or pain.
You are mixing up the timeline.

Different jobs that complement each other.
Yes, very much so, though with an important nuance.
I sense a trap here.
Our plan has already gone sideways.
It should be so, but it doesn't hurt to check.
No day passes by without them trying out new tricks.
That’s the gotcha, a hidden problem, difficulty or trap.
The news broke early this morning, although it was hidden before.
The discovery left them breathless: myths can conceal a kernel of truth.
It begins to take shape, he steps into the spotlight.
If there is anything a humble philologist can do.
He was unable to stand against this threat.
They come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are ferocious wolves.
By their fruit you will recognize them.
Flagging problems ahead of time.
He thought his instinct told him what ought to be done.
His behaviour certainly fits the pattern.
The reality proved quite different: the journey turned into a grueling ordeal.
Anyone hiding them and later found in possession of them could be executed.
We have failed for a very long time to realize that.
Silence came easily to a man trained to obey orders, a skill that one learns with little effort.
He has published scientific and political writings, but gained little recognition, except among the sans-culottes.
It comes with specific trade-offs.
No matter how hard I try.
After the fall of the regime, his prominence became a liability.
For his guile or cunning, deny him the fame he wanted, damnatio memoriae, which is the herostratic fame - seeking notoriety through outrageous or destructive acts.
They believed that living such a dangerous life entitled them to some perks.
Another lie - I've stopped counting.
Your media sources suck and you live in a bubble.
He said the quiet part out loud.
He was spinning in his grave.
The wait can span decades, in disgrace with these unhinged lunatics.
Don't wallow in the swamp of unkept promises.
Its fame, however, was also marred by tragedy.
It is unique because it offers a previously unseen glimpse into their rituals, which are still poorly documented today.
You’re remembering it wrong - that’s not how I remember it.
Who repaid kindness with crime and are selling inherited trust, by erratic behaviour which erodes trust.
The sudden policy swings are indefencible, nor by elastic interpretations.
While the intention is commendable, the execution lacks user-friendliness.
You may lead by example.
The point is that strategies based on unverified beliefs risk turning into ineffective, if not downright counterproductive, choices.
This case is a valuable reminder.
Humor aside, let’s look at the real issue here.
The author of this work takes into cognisance only the press articles.
Great men cast shadows.
The world forgot them because there was simply nothing there worth remembering.
But there are some nuances worth knowing.
Nice story but the facts need work.
Yes, this has been widely written about and discussed.
We were just talking past each other.
Following the scandal, she was forced to claw back (return) the funds she had embezzled.
A relic from old days.
They aimed to defy all odds, against all expectations, and save the day though.
I’m not sure if he did it on purpose or negligence, but I’ll give him the benefit of the doubt, I’ll assume he forgot unintentionally, inadvertently, that he is honest, correct, or innocent when the evidence is unclear or uncertain, instead of immediately judging them negatively.
The conflict spills beyond its borders.
For doubting pleases me no less than knowing (Dante).
L'esprit des lois, Montesquieu.
I feel compelled to remind you of the following.
Your inquiry is doubtless made in order to comply with the laws of your own country.
Teenage boys are notoriously bad at risk-assessment.

I will spare you the details, cause I lost my bearings, I feel disoriented.
He felt uncomfortable and chose to look away from the scene.
When he hesitated, I had to nudge him to make the leap.
He orders 3 shots of whiskey and downs them all.
But he is also mildly gnostic, which alone makes it unsuited.
An inducement and natural sweetener.
All government appointments were made in agreement with them as they believed that it was their fiefdom.
It's a slippery slope.
I don't have even a faint understanding of what it means, whatever the outcome.
A stunningly well-preserved trace of ancient stupidity.
The battle has taken a sudden twist.
It all started as a mishearing of the word.
Yank the plug.
The truth has finally come to light and it vindicates him.
His reaction is akin to panic.
The job was a death sentence, not a career.
The burden of proof for that statement does indeed lie with me, the one making the claim.
The reform is stalled and something else is worth trying.
Therefore the obligation to pay a fee should be voided.
We can't be under any illusion, and can't dwell on the past either.
We were ashamed to learn that our bribed colleague accepted kickbacks.
Burden-sharing to burden-shifting, and civilisational erasure.
Waking up to the facts.
To wean you from Windows, there are two that make a solid case for the task.
Let's scaffold the project.
For his relentless pandering to his viewers.
He panders to their every whim, he does exactly what a person or group wants.
What a time to be alive.
Stick around and let's relieve the pressure, the strain, and clear the doubts.
We love any excuse to throw a soiree.
This question is loaded with false assertions, intentionally or not.
I apparently look too old to be worth the time of the converters.
Patching broken theories.
He is bearing up well after the accident, he remains strong while dealing with the hardship.
I don't mind bragging.
His stonewalling comments indicated a reluctance to collaborate and to an obstruction.
Not too far off, it can all be done though.
She mocks him for his cowardice and sees through empty boasting.
It is readily available once you exceed the data cap.
A fatuous idea, complacently or inanely foolish.
The asset seizure automatically lapses and can be lifted, if you pursue diligently.
You won't believe your luck.
That's where happiness lies.
He tends to nurse a grudge against anyone who criticizes his work.
Does the comparison stand?
We will remain alert against attempts to stir up the fire of discord.
But it is definitely in the running for the gold medal.
To wit, in particular, the officials have rushed to smear him as a terrorist.
It was imposed by elites who hold ordinary people in contempt.
It is based on the calculations of a monk, who got several things wrong.
It’s one of those moments where history borders on dark comedy.
It survived against all odds.
The answer is much more down-to-earth than people expect.
Humans are hardwired to see patterns, even when none exist.
It's ok, I'm here for a free coffee.

Without much friction.
Before I answer the question, I have a question of my own.
Reagan: Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same.
Those who have never endured the relentless ringing of tinnitus can only dream of the torment.
A long-range agenda to exploit Antarctica’s untapped resources.
If aesthetics tops your list of needs.
The change has always generated discussion - both at the time and afterward.
The most common legal rationales in favor of the ruling.
The Supreme Court has declined to take up these cases for review, letting lower-court rulings stand.
That’s slick: abstraction can become semantic laundering.
It forces courts to justify themselves publicly.
If courts can redefine the plainest words at will, they can also rewrite reality under the guise of law.
A slippery slope from interpretation to arbitrariness, at the expense of minority groups or dissenting interpretations.
Any outcome can be blamed on the system, not on choice.
If exploitation can be asserted without objective criteria,
then any group can claim victimhood and entitlement.
Declare a group oppressed, redefine normal interaction as harm, legitimise expropriation “for justice”, silence dissent as immoral.
This is why envy-based moral systems recur historically.
Human psychology favors comparison and resentment.
Here is why the wait was worth it.

Important to note, he had no idea how to back up his claim.
Suffice it to recall that it was proven false.
If you like, I can look up 2-3 more.
We started to take notice that something was off.
Most likely due to an oversight.
All governments faced difficult and divisive hurdles in deciding on the languages of instruction.
I’m not trying to figure like an erudite, but this is an inviolable right, unalienable.
He figures like a martyr, poses like a victim.
This is doing a lot of heavy lifting in that question.
The word 'sample' is doing a lot of heavy lifting here.
Should that disqualify them?
He walks by and shouts at us.
It’s a half-hearted attempt, though.
The moment I laid eyes on it, it started to harvest attention.
The key to success lies in how the case was mounted.
That’s been around for years but doesn’t get the spotlight it deserves.
The arms race just thickened again, which for some is goodish news.
The concept you are likely referring to, which has led to this question, is the imminent threat of distruction under duress.
The frustration sets in, and the dumbest people are the loudest.
He lays bare the brutal facts.
I couldn't help but notice that it is without an end in sight.
No worries at all.
You are touching on something subtle about the case.
This is not shielding democracy, to sponsor your own influencers to spread your agenda.
Ostracize and excommunicate, broken country.
They'll just piss themselves laughing.
With excellent grades, he is bound for university, is heading towards the university.
We should lay off complaining and try to find solutions instead, stop doing it or bothering somebody.
It's not immediately clear why it is so.
Any book on this nagging problem more than five years old is out of date, unless it’s very general.
It almost always comes down to differences in the execution environment.
Accuse the other side of that which you are guilty of, Goebbels.
It's been ages since these gossips were spread.
Our disquiet grew as we listened to the unsettling news on the radio.
The proof consists of an insoluble dilemma which pits one theory against another.
due to concerns over data harvesting.
If she was found to have done so, she could be repudiated and even put to death.
Every communist is a professional swindler.
He dragged them out of their bubble and forced them to confront the brutal reality.
His vanity made him check the mirror every five minutes - which is also excessive pride or self-admiration, also futility, emptiness, or meaningless.
He gets defensive when asked about a personal message he sent to his brother.
I'll take your word for this, without requiring proof.
He has for long rejected it as being little different from surrender, roughly speaking.
A folie à plusieurs, which is shared madness among many.
It is kind of strong, though it is not clear what you mean by this.
Which will be a bit of a challenge for those new to the matter.
The engine roared to life immediately, kickstarted at once.
We had it coming, we have deserved something negative like punishment, criticism, or bad luck, because of their past actions or behavior.

It lies in shambles, ended in ruins, overtaken by nature.
But the name stuck.
Trying to avoid making a decision, she resorted to stalling tactics.
He is most likely lying about having much understanding.
The design patterns are the recurring structures.
The two dogs took to each other immediately and started to play, started to like each other.
The refugees took to the hills for safety, and people have taken to the streets.
Despite the acute problems that arise here and there from time to time.
It’s designed to pathologise and stigmatise any criticism.
The stupid dimwit has worked out that it has transformed warfare.
He and his minders, bodyguards.
Do you ever think about it – I bet you don't.
He always tunes in at such discussions, and starts to listen carefully.
I am firmly of the belief that the future will show that this whole hysteria over that case was a complete fabrication.
Violence is the corollary of injustice.
For long stretches of time, the commission was too slow to address the issues.
An unhinged person, mentally unstable and out of control, like a door being off its hinges.
I'd contend that the premise of the question is suspect.
Its regimental system is, in its own way, quite tribal.
It turned out tougher than expected and he failed to deliver the results he counted on.
He bought his diploma from an unaccredited diploma mill.
Then suddenly it occurred to me.
They could easily have hired but they didn't, I guess out of pride.
Pull out your guns.
For once, let's order pizza instead of cooking.
He framed the choice starkly, between order and chaos.
This is her presidency in a single photo.
Experts simply listed them as items of unknown purpose.
That phrasing is a misrepresentation of the reason.
We expect them to grant an exemption to the company.
It is a totalitarian ideology masquerading as a religion.
They were closing in, approaching, and drew near.
He tried to placate his boss by apologizing for the mistake.
It has no bearing on our lives whatsoever.
The feast during the plague.
To make matters worse, the same goes for the unrelated people.
So, any perceived similarity between them is entirely coincidental.
They had a clever way to deal with dissenters.
One thing worth pointing out is that it currently lacks a lot.
The confusion around it arises from people trying to force the theory to be something it’s not. 

I don't feign ignorance only to fit your agenda.
This is my hot take on it.
He started to pick up, as a real quick learner.
Here I must go sideways and explain that with more details.
The miracles are not amenable to scientific explanations.
Rare, but not unheard of.
That's settled. And on we go to the next item on the agenda.
He gave the most sumptuous banquet, luxurious, lavish, opulent.
As much as I would like to believe that fancy stuff, I would expect better answers.
They started ranting at me, but I couldn't read their minds.
He advertises himself as a fount of wisdom.
A self-fulfilling prophecy, when the expectations produce the event.
I have seen my own country change before my very eyes.
With all due respect there could hardly be a more wrongheaded question, based on obstinate refusal to accept a correct judgment.
Judges were locking people up, without making space for genuine criminals.
Just leave us out of it.
They are trying to dodge accountability by rewriting the rules.
Nor the former, nor the latter.
At best, he no longer exerts the authority over society that he once did.
What evidence is there to support this hypothesis?
This fixed idea is prevalent among the young population, and is statistically widespread.
Because the predictions that come out of the theory match all our observations.
Marginalia (or apostils) are marks made in the margins of a book or other document.
These questions are kinda disingenuous and borderline dishonest, since it uses the ambiguity of the terms.
They tried to create safeguards against that scenario, a shield of protection.
He stirred the pot back then with his inflammatory statement.
Was it worth a Nobel prize?
In my younger and more free-time-imbued days, I was tactless and inconsiderable.
These gadgets failed, for a variety of reasons, to live up to the hype.
That’s a residual relic of the previous case.
Unlike the others, when he calls the chairman, no one is picking up the phone.
The silence is deafening.
By such an approach to the problem  you are part of it.
Her fixation on that blinds her and damages her credibility, as she is overly confrontational.
I wish you would get this energetic when defending the victims, not the perpetrators.
This is a rite of passage.
Archaic words don't end to persist in stick phrases.
Well, that’s a rather loose figure of speech, but it comes closer to that image than anything else.
One might speak of the hypertrophy of bureaucracy, meaning the system has grown to an exaggerated or unwieldy size.
No stone will be left unturned and everyone involved, from top leaders to street members, will be held accountable.
The judge recused sua sponte, of its own accord, upon its own motion, voluntarily and unpromptedly.
She gave me a giant eye roll and explained that slop was AI-generated content.
Hitherto triumphant, a young man gets humbled after trying to throw hands with an older guy.
There are quite a few, truth be told, and I’ll limit myself to the most obvious ones.
No other rivals with it.
I remember the overwhelming complexity of the case, and feel a sense of resignation.
They were the only bargaining chips they had.
Stay in the loop, remain informed about important information and developments within a group or project.

Finally somebody's talking sense.
It is a complete non-issue.
I have ventured to send you the accompanying article for your perusal and opinion.
No end in sight for the crisis.
If you’re going to appeal to ancient mythology, at least get it right.
Again, I cannot stress it enough.
So long as you behave.
Pillage and plunder are the act of stripping the place of its possessions, often with accompanying violence.
You can loot a store without necessarily destroying it, simply by breaking in and taking goods.
The bandits stripped the travelers of all their money and goods.
There was a massive amount of mathematical work required, and it just took him that length of time to get it done.
Students often regurgitate facts during exams, repeat without understanding.
We are not bound by their Law.
He is conversant with the system, not necessarily expert, but knows the topic well enough to understand it and discuss it intelligently.
But that was just a handshake arrangement.
For weeks, negotiators have been hammering out the details.
It is too early to say what the outcome will be.
The meeting was a joyride.
I don't recall ever seeing him trying this.
They take fundamentally different approaches to achieving that goal.
An invention is flatly contradicted by other sources.
Hackers spoofed the email address to steal information.
This event has me rethinking the next step.
It has got me reconsidering a lot.
He reels after it takes effect, is staggering or swaying, often from dizziness or intoxication.
A pretend god, an imaginary one.
But the drive soon descended into confusion.
The whole enterprise would have sunk without trace.
He is spewing his predictable drivel (nonsense), a loyal pawn of globalist elites who never took the security concerns seriously.
He made this observation at the tender age of 4.
If we remove bias and focus on objective causes, I think we could pinpoint a few reasons.
It clearly doesn’t fit the mould.
There are grounds for optimism.
We must follow through on your promises to gain trust from your partners, to continue a plan until it is finished, with persistence and commitment and not stopping halfway.
Don't poke with the Russian bear.
He is clueless about the case.
This behaviour signals insecurity and anxiety.
The reports look off, appear somewhat strange, incorrect, inaccurate, or substandard.
The hopes that the war might spark a popular revolt proved wildly misplaced, inappropriate, ill-judged and ill-considered.
However it does present some challenges.
I have long been of the opinion that we must do it. 
Today, we are witnessing, before our eyes, the dissolution of states and institutions.
He berates her and makes crass jokes, vulgar jokes.

We won the match fair and square, in an honest way and without any doubt.
You cling to your illusions and call them faith.
Still convinced they can stay above the fray.
We claim to care about it only when it costs nothing.
I just believe in one less god.
It is ideologically charged, loaded.
The attempt falls flat, and is unsuccessful.
They are living in an alternate reality.
It pairs brilliantly with the task.
It is time to take a stand, adopt a firm position.
When others stayed silent he stood tall.
I am glad that somebody finally bothered to ask instead of assuming and presuming.
The room fell silent when he revealed the facts.
After years of disuse, the old bike finally rusted beyond repair.
Someone might be triggered by a comment, a joke, a sound, or an image.
We know it inside out, we know it extremely well.
He deserves pity, not serious analysis.
We will continue to talk to them over the next few days with the goal of signing a trade deal.
He didn't flinch and walked into the fray; he didn't have an instinctive reaction to fear, pain, or surprise.
Even after he tried to posture himself as superior.
We can lose focus on what matters and tender (offer) irrelevant topics for discussion.
It weighs on my conscience.
There are several tried and true methods to ease your discomfort.
The ‘green revolution’ in agriculture is a good case in point, a pertinent example that illustrates what is being discussed.
It is snappier and even adds a bit of charm.
I’m tired of being pestered.
An unutterable tragedy, inexpressible, beyond the powers of description.
No wiggle room, narrow room to manoeuvre.
He cued the band to begin, gave a signal.
Anxiety cues and racing thoughts.
Lean into it, fully engage with it or actively pursue it.
Yet the authorities look away, turn a blind eye.

It was bound to happen sooner or later.
Don't rush to conclusions.
A strawman argument is a logical fallacy where someone misrepresents another person’s position to make it easier to attack or refute.
This aims to balance the scales between employees and management.
They are trying to shame them into falling in line, to compel them to conform to certain behaviours.
I’m grateful to you for initiating a discussion on these topics.
I credit him with this extraordinary achievement.
A deep-rooted, insidious, and damn near impossible to cope without getting called a bigot.
These people were sold a lie about all this.
There's a good chance you are lying about this happening.
The government intentionally tried and mostly succeeded in destroying all the vestiges of this culture.
I overheard a hypothesis, which doesn't pass a scientific test.
You have been fed propaganda nonsense about it.
They consider it too elitist, and not entirely without reason.
Very few bother to learn.
But now the numbers have flipped.
We've been through all this.
He is set to benefit from the new arrivals.
They saw to it.
The others are doing science a disservice.
It can come about only through natural processes.
It entitles the holder of the title to sit and vote in the House.
He lies right to your face.
He has escaped and is in hiding.
It's just acknowledging the futility of combating stubborn stupidity.
He got their attention by offering money.
Our interest lies in staying out of all this.
The Court's factual findings lay bare how this was perpetrated, revealing the details.
She laid claim to half of his fortune, asserted ownership over it.
Without making a single mistake.
It saved me from heading down the wrong path.
Your question is based on two misapprehensions on your part. Let me help you see the light.
A nation can survive its fools, though they rot the nation's soul.
In terms of the environment, it makes absolutely no difference whatsoever.
Make certain it will happen, ensure it will.
It gets itself into a bit of a muddle over who the disciples are.
That itself suffers from the problem of contradictory accounts, however queer it sounds.

Are we embarrassed? – not in the least – we find it slightly amusing, but it remains to be seen.
Do you support or denounce these actions?
They were quick to counter such arguments and moved to dismiss the charges.
What do we gain from it?
So much incorrectness crammed into so few words.
I have broken my own rule.
In legal terms, a recital is a preliminary statement at the beginning of a legal document, like a contract or agreement, that explains the background, purpose, or context of the agreement.
This small company turned the tables on its large competitors.
The claim holds some weight but remains inconclusive without further evidence.
He has decided to escalate and is willing to raise the stakes.
Everyone condemns it to immediate failure.
Now history comes full circle - let them fight their own wars.
Some media call it "fireworks," but this doesn't discredit the event.
We will not stand idly by.
Do not let them lull you into a sense of security.
Both of us headed to the nearby offices.
In a plutocratic system, the rich hold the political power, either directly (by being in office) or indirectly (by influencing political decisions through their money, lobbying, and donations).
He is spot on with his comments, accurately right, without redundancy.
He was noncommittal, vague and evasive, avoiding giving a clear answer,  not committing to a view or opinion.
Look past the rhetoric. Intersected with those who fetishise the schoolyard bullies as strongmen.
In reality, this is always how prophecies get fulfilled.
It beggars belief that..., it is so unbelievable that it defies comprehension; incredibly difficult to believe, beyond what I can imagine or accept as true.
Three languages enjoyed wide currency among imperial elites.
Interesting question - it sent me googling.
He is unlikely to improve on the knowledge we already have.
A historical reenactment, reconstruction.
No one can feign ignorance of the law.
And don't feign modesty, don't make a deceptive action to mislead, don't pretend to have a feeling or condition.
I can tailor the draft to match your design goal.
It lacks the means to capitalise on the achievement.
The article does not inspire confidence.
I just made that remark to allay any conspiracy theories, and most tellingly, insinuations.
Who seek to sow discord among peoples and countries.
Same script, but we refuse to dance to their tune.
Give those guys an Oscar.
This company is setting the pace.
The city became a hellscape.
Keeping inflation in check.
That’s a deeper question than it looks at first.
He is so many heads above them.
There’s an old story, almost certainly apocryphal.
They have come to take themselves too seriously.
The company fell afoul of new regulations and faced heavy fines, got into trouble with or violated a rule, law, person, or system.

Tomorrow works well.
Use it sparingly, a small amount of it, without wasting or overusing it.
There were no such tasks set.
They are profiting off of our gullibility.
We’ll hand him a draft deal outlining all terms, which we are wrapping up now.
So there you have it: not only is the premise of the question not true, it's not true for any of the cases.
Underage drinking is banned.
Let's delay it to allow more time for negotiation.
Before asking why, you should wonder if.
For this country, it is almost unheard-of.
History gets rewritten all the time.
Then they are able to go about their usual business, continue to deal or mind their business.
The protests sprang up in the streets.
To hold fast to this principle, stick or cling to the beliefs and values.
Before becoming a laughing stock, a ridiculed and mocked character.
I thought about it, though I didn't say anything.
He was worth more than a billion.
But we’ll ignore that for the sake of simplicity.
What are they seeing that the rest of the world seems to be missing?
A brain drain, the emigration of highly trained or qualified people from a particular country.
I also want to take the opportunity to debunk some blatantly false claims that have been circulating in the press.
Beneath its banners of peace and progress lies a machinery of quiet domination.
In case you receive a note that you disagree with, with a compulsory enforcement, and which is impactful on your personal life, you must challenge it in court.
I don't sugarcoat the facts, don't embellish them.
The company was riven by disagreements and internal disputes, torn, split or violently divided.
They sought to water down the language of the draft resolution being circulated, ultimately delaying its adoption by a month or so.
Despite there being no evidence of his guilt, he was ordered to die.
They won't give us the heads-up, brief warning or notice given ahead of time to help us prepare.
It is one more way of creating more adversarial elements to keep the plot line engaging for its audiences.
It would freeze the blood in your veins.
In lay-speak, that means that it is readily available.
A better way to phrase it.
He picked up the scent of a deal.
But then I got to thinking, why bother, so, I’ll just address your points, in no particular order.
It is a showcase how detrimental it can be to the economy.
As to the second part, I take it to mean the following: hybrid descendants.
The answer is a cautious yes, with caveats.
Feynman did not believe in “half baked” answers that don’t really tell the right story.
Just in case you missed it.
None of them could be found to back up his story.
They got it wrong.
It leaves me pondering why.
Worse is to come.
It may only be by an accident of history that it is preserved.
I just wanted to come by and apologise.
Now having pointed out these falsehoods you’re spreading, let’s address the elephant in the room.
Not by a longshot, definitely not, by no means.
He turned in Galileo to the inquisition.
It raises easily refuted points.
None the wiser, he said “What is England?”
We got the report improved, i.e. somebody improved it.
There is a clear distinction between the two.
I am not bound by this highly mythologized concept, restricted, obligated or controlled.

You needed to sort yourself out.
He finally paid his due for all the harm he caused, he got the punishment he deserved.
Nothing remained, save a single coin, except this coin.
A handful of sycophants used that smear.
We have edged to the brink more than once since then.
As tensions have sharpened again, they have warned of potentially dire consequences if the two sides fail to de-escalate.
I see no benefit to that.
From which the biblical Genesis was largely plagiarized.
The apparent consistency ceased to be a sign of reliability - in fact, quite the reverse.
Let's draw up a list of such items.
It all goes well for them.
I read the instructions three times, but I’m still none the wiser.
The authors expressed their ignorance in many other ways.
We can stand tall on our own.
You have no intention of doing a thing.
Oddly enough, the only people who claim that are from his entourage.
Neither of these is a good reason to make the blanket statement that using these texts is poor design, according to the academic consensus.
They believe they have an ancestral right to that land.
The evidence shows it to be true.
And worst of all, you're totally full of yourself.
Rights we once took for granted.
People who would not have known how to speak Greek, much less read and write it like seasoned pros.
The two lie-filled virgin birth narratives cannot be reconciled.
He pitched his startup idea to investors, promoted in a persuasive way.
His outrages spanned more than a decade.
We are ready to move past old mistakes.
That surprising fact does not prove that it did not exist, but does bolster the case against its historicity.
It is accurate enough to say that.
The fact doesn't check out.
The headlines read like a spoof, a parody.
Then, critically evaluate whether his argument holds up under scrutiny.
This ploy has always worked for them until now.
This is another ploy cooked up by the opponents.
I poked my head around the door to see what was going on.
I just need a quick peek at the mechanic reports, a sneak view.
It can help hedge against inflation.
A risk-averse business culture, rather a lacklustre selection, with no end in sight.
I read all this through the eyes of a small business.
There will be no leniency or delay in this matter, not merciful or tolerant.

And as per usual, we start all over again.
Generally agree, one addition, though.
It appears to have put things off balance merely for the love of it.
He is a staunch ideologue prone to outrageous and exaggerated statements in order to get attention for his cause.
Despite those conflicting sources, the date when the event occurred is without question.
The contradiction or confusion lies in the comparison of secular and Biblical sources.
Don't worry - so does almost everyone, including us.
He pours cold water on the celebration.
Things will turn out well.
They screwed up badly, ignorant and impolite.
We took note of it and put the decision on hold for a month.
To tank the economy, to lose intentionally, give up in competition.
Because we share the belief that there has to be something better than hurling insults.
No joke, it gets crazier the further you read.
Your education system has totally failed you.
We are in awe to hear that, respect and revere that.
He feels a strong lure to micromanage the superiors' decisions.
It is the apple of my eyes, what I cherish above all.
The community cannot stop patting themselves on the back for being lords of the known universe, praise themselves or feel proud of sometimes genuinely or a bit boastfully.
They are ancestral to modern political species, predecessors.
I don't think that is germane, relevant, opportune, timely, or appropriate.
It isn't actually so, but I get the point.
He has helped them roll out a new system across all regions, launch or introduce gradually, as opposed to phase out.
The negotiations on the deal stalled.
He ignored their blandishments and flattering statements and stuck to his decision.
How do you square that? How do you make sense of that? How do you reconcile those two conflicting things?
We got so accustomed to them we didn't take much notice.
But the most interesting part is yet to come.
This is grossly incorrect.
Enhancements from that version onwards.
The imposed sanctions may be subject to gradual easing and subject to resumption in the event of a breach of the peace agreement – a snapback, sudden return to a previous condition or situation.
What does your gut tell you?
Nothing will make me believe that it can be shown to exist today.
Before he repented, he left traces.
The historic wounds are still hurting.
The worms wiggle their way into the soil, they weasel into it.
He was reluctant to accept he could be in the wrong.
He eliminated the guardrails.
The two are, to a great degree, intertwined.
Let's not kid ourselves.
Immature and have to be protected from themselves.
They have a mealy-mouthed answer, overly delicate, not straightforward.
He often altered the sense of the original in order to make his own point.
The process of finding buyers could drag on for months.
They found that polygamy was frowned upon and even illegal, disapproved of.
You can do it, but why would you want to?
It bears an unmistakable mark of datedness.
But this path is fraught (likely to result in something undesirable) and uncertain.
I might go out on a limb (go to extremes and be criticised by others) here but I'd say the evidence for that is stronger.
You manage to get so many flawed premises into one question.
It is quite daring.
To argue the respective merits of their religion.
That can run you into a brick wall.
Off the hook! Out of bounds!
A kind of vomit inducing sycophancy.
It is fast becoming the equivalent of integration.
I have to eat my words, retract what I have said.
The original solution was admittedly quick and dirty, produced or done quickly and therefore not perfect.
The task was, admittedly, more difficult than we initially anticipated.
He adopted a behavior that pushes boundaries, naughty and daring.

He condescended to help, but made it clear he found it beneath him, and didn't even deign to respond. I guess I'll lower myself to do this.
They really outdid themselves this time.
They must take pride in it.
If you accept, just tick the box.
These names were edited out of the report.
There is no easily digestible answer to this question.
I dare say, it looks better than it is.
In retort to his sarcastic comment, he rolled her eyes and walked away, in a defensive or retaliatory manner.
The narrative lends itself to the whole story, suits naturally.
They fell short to impress us, it wasn't enough for that.
This is why one should go to school in the first place.
He is giving himself to praise, seeking out compliments and admiration, which shows a tendency of self-aggrandizement and need for external validation.
The war at a stalemate.
Yet with peril came opportunity.
He made a flurry of moves to stay the course, at least for the moment, and shore up his project.
And to breathe new life into the machine.
I wish you all success, courage and resolve.
But that is the trivial part.
This is not an April fools.
Watch their hypocrisy at its ugliest.
When we need them to stand up they are practising bowing before their cult leader.
We'll be prepared for all eventualities and will rule nothing out.
Hither and thither, in various directions, especially in a disorganized way.
A complete unabridged report.
In the middle of the second act the play shifts gears from comedy to tragedy, changing the course of action in an abrupt, dramatic, or unexpected manner.
A rumour grew up that the level of crimes had suddenly shot up - but it hadn’t.
Today I am proud to deliver on my promise.
He is just stalling for time, delaying taking action, putting off, buying time.
Reform has stalled amid profound political paralysis.
Here's the scoop on upcoming projects, the first information.
I received a phone call that went something like this.
They have no courage, even if they dare not say so.
This fact portends ill, is a sign or warning that something, especially something momentous or calamitous, is likely to happen, bodes ill.
Some shredded reams of documents pertaining to corruption cases, some sheets of papers.
Obviously, to make you wonder and suffer.
When it comes to the biggest mistake a company has made, the award goes to Yahoo.
Hurts my soul.
Using it as an argument is childish at best.

We are set to play our role.
Let me digress briefly to explain this and get to your question at last.
Reward for your toil.
It would require some knowledge of macroeconomics, which he lacks altogether.
Because they barely exist.
And not all is plain sailing in this question as well, easy-peasy.
A wanton act,  deliberately malicious or cruel, unprovoked, unrestrained, with disregard for what is right or proper, without justification, based on personal whim.
We efficiently cater to the diverse needs of customers across the world, satisfy or service the needs.
They made bizarre things up to suit their agenda.
When he tried to predict the future, he failed miserably.
It's a contradicting statement, not a typo.
These kinds of questions pop up regularly.
He has worn out their welcome, made themselves not welcome, remained a guest for too long to the point where the host no longer wishes one to stay.
Not sure where such questions come from.
They welcomed us with enthusiasm that bordered on toadying, sycophantic behaviour.
Will he stay by his words?
Coffee for the boss, you toadying creep.
As one of the authors, two points occur to me.
He knew what he was doing and prodded them into reacting, poked with a finger and encouraged them to take action.
In the presence of this enormous reservoir of intellectual strength, my tongue refused to do its service.
It is designed to offload resource-intensive tasks.
This subject is off the table.
On the brink of collapse.
Astounding beyond belief.
As far as the risk of injury goes, it is safe.
He is on the cusp of a change in my career, in the point of transition between two different states.
I am not a sleazy, sloppy politician trying to offer a non-answer.
If we don’t wise up and sober up, we'll have to face the consequences.
But here is the thing. Far from insurmountable, this problem has many solutions. True, they are not trivial.
The cost of inaction.
He didn’t check with me, and is a desperate attempt to make something out of nothing.
You can't go wrong with it in this case.
We'd be worse off for it.
They showered him with compliments.
I am reminded of a man I once treated as though he were intelligent.
If you're not at the table, you're on the menu.
Judging by the successes they showed in their activity.
He threatens, abuses and blusters, talks in indignant vein, appointing himself as an additional proponent, has no qualms about lying if he thinks that he is doing so for the greater cause.
Many people, including myself, stepped into the newbie trap.

His recklessness landed him in trouble.
He'll land up in hospital if he carries on drinking like that.
The disease has a poor prognosis and almost does not lend itself to drug therapy, is not suitable for that purpose.
He did it out of spite. He did it to spite us, to tease us.
The expertise lent credibility to the project, or offered credibility.
For kicks, for fun; just for entertainment; for no good reason.
I can't make out that house in the distance, discern, perceive, comprehend.
Don't take offence, but we're done here.
A nuisance for others.
Not to minimize his contribution, but our chit-chat is vacuous, devoid of content, lacking purpose, meaning, or intelligence.
People were calling him out for his negative comments, drew critical attention to his unacceptable actions or behaviour.
Insightfully? I think you misspelled “fictionally.”
This is the moment in which we are at our most vulnerable.
It would be great if he had mentioned the authors, to say the least.
This form of language endows “space” with some tangible reality that it doesn’t have.
A puerile speech.
"The Hound of the Baskervilles" by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "What was it, Barrymore?”.
I think you have it all wrong.
In a moment of bliss.
The Occam’s Razor principle comes into play here.
Saying otherwise would be xenophobic, and how do you know that?
He has traded rhetorical blows with his critics.
A serial liar, who habitually and repeatedly lies, without guilt or hesitation.
Today marks a grim milestone.
He tries to shame everybody. It shames me.
We will not be cowed, intimidated, frightened into doing something, using threats or violence.
Your first given, upon which your question lies, is where we need to start.
While we're on the subject, I've always been puzzled as to why they operated in this manner.
The president waffled, equivocated, weaseled, avoided giving a clear answer.
He attempted to weasel out of paying his share of the dinner bill.
He managed to wiggle out of any situation.
Politely disagree.
With him in the room interrupting and egging things on, inciting, it quickly devolved into a total breakdown.
All excuses aside, he bears a grudge for ones, while he retains a baffling admiration for the others.
They had to respond and respond they did.
He has tried numerous times to broker peace.
It's a total and unmitigated disaster for them.
It is hard to not notice that basically they branched out from the same ancestral origin.
Fingerprints all over it.
This does beg the question: what did you get done last week?
Now he is welching on his pledge, avoids doing what he promised.

Some changes of note.
It is definitely worth a try.
He denies having any role in this.
Don't fall for their scams.
Native speakers pick up on it in an instant, notice and react to it, become aware or cognizant of it.
It has come to my knowledge that you're considering a career change.
He knew the state would press as hard as possible to have him extradited.
If you think so, think again.
Let’s start by getting something straight.
You happened to be right all along.
A vague and poorly defined term.
He began the downfall of the country.
I had to read the letter twice before I could take it all in.
It is not an enemy, it is more of a partner, but still under radar.
If memory serves, it's widely acknowledged that they are both similar and different.
But the big journals' reputations are only partly warranted, justified.
Unwarranted is lacking justification.
And the sooner you lose that misconception, the better off you’ll be.
His smug rants about politics quickly turned friends into silent listeners.
He was convicted of the very same crime but was spared jail time.
He was caught red handed.
In the absence of a better name, we can choose to do so.
This demolishes that idea, which in  turn demolishes your proposal.
They had to rein in their laughter, contain the laughter.
He won’t give blank checks anymore to foreign governments.
In classical Greek tragedy, hubris was often a fatal shortcoming that brought about the fall of the tragic hero.
Something to keep in the back of your mind.
It has gone out of vogue because its predictions have failed to come true.
To pass the torch to the next generation.
Let their fantasies go wild, and not in a positive way.
Public ownership of the means of production.
Did I lose you somewhere?
The hustle and bustle of the market, the fuss.
This comes after years of hefty spending on some expensive projects.
Dismantling it in full view of the public.
His carping about the project annoyed everyone in the meeting, complaining from the sideline.
Like a rooster with an itch.
The realm beyond our reach, and grasp.
They look away when asked about the theft.
The hounding of our armed forces for doing their job is nothing short of shameful.
It is an urban legend, and rumors were rife.
Without getting lost in details.
My two pence worth, and an attempt to set some myths straight.
He made me laugh out loud.
What have we come to?
Are we awake or asleep?
Follow the evidence wherever it leads.
All your points are plain wrong.
But none of them had a mind as quick and acute as him.

How do I save myself the trouble of having to write it? First, let's clear something up.
Whatever this hapless soul might be.
Clever enough to smack dullards around with his artful verbosity. It's saddening.
The problem already manifests, somewhat.
Well, it seems the only thing you get is feeling cool.
It's pursued for its sheer simplicity and elegance, and for the intellectual challenge it presents.
There is actually a disciplined way to address this question.
We are not off to a good start.
They are all on course to lose power in the coming months.
It has been tested as seldom before.
He unwittingly mixed up the dates.
In multiple aspects, people would simply grow out of religion naturally.
The numbers are flawed, so we are clear here.
They are dissimilar in terms of language they use.
You know what lies ahead of you now.
To wit, namely, more precisely, videlicet, scilicet.
Soon we'll go on our merry way, we'll leave the place.
Make an informed choice about whether to accept the option or not.
Shrouded in myths.
I have a mind to take the train. I have half a mind to do it, I'm somewhat inclined.
It is out-of-touch with the current situation.
As we try to chart a path forward.
Reaction and its fallout, repercussions, consequences, aftereffect.
Emotional entanglement and being led by the nose.
Finally, they proved victorious.
Use it at your own risk.
As the expression goes, the fish does not notice the water.
It creeps me out, makes me feel afraid, uncomfortable or disgusted.
Straight down to business.
We cannot stress strongly enough the fact that everything must be done properly.
It is a long way down the line, in the future or throughout.
Go ahead and rip up the papers, destroy by tearing it into pieces.
We stand to gain or lose a lot.
We missed the mark.
There is - so I am told - a few of it here and there.
It is a fad at the moment.
The country continues to miss its target, especially when they are crammed together, for different reasons.
We'd rather wait out, do nothing until something happens.
Don't miss out on the fantastic bargains, fail to use an opportunity or get an advantage of something.

I'm short of arguments.
Why didn't you tell me right away?
I would never have dared to doubt it.
Undaunted soldier, unfit for service, in a situation fraught with danger.
Everyone can go completely off the rails.
Then general laughter broke out.
It has all the hallmarks of mythology.
A peek into its future, a quick glimpse into the future.
Such a tight grip of power.
It's bilge, untrue or silly.
Don't die before trying it.
Your move is seen as a tactic to achieve that purpose.
It’s just a matter of pinning down where and when.
It can however degrade the overall performance.
Were are not certain, in which case any purported consequences are moot.
Unfortunately, many victims could not muster enough courage to come forward.
Please step back and think about what you’re really asking.
Don't start jumping into conclusions before we know what is going on.
There were no accusations of criminal conduct made against them.
Go figure!
He knew how to use it to his advantage.
That's what readily comes to mind.
I'll call you when I get close.
It deeply unsettles me.
We have some explaining to do.
Blackmail doesn't suit you.
Don't let this demagoguery take away your common sense.
I can neither confirm nor deny.
Actually, as a point of principle.
I acted to protect it.
Do you happen to know that, by any chance?
That was not nice and easy.
They are well-meaning people.
In a short while they turned really rich.
It provides a glimpse into the matter, although there are always issues that pop up.
We use this word to sound posh.
Give him the nod, give him approval or permission.

Nowhere else would you see use of this technology yet.
For one, he was illiterate until adulthood.
This is a purposeful misdirection, misleading toward a wrong lead, making people pay attention to the wrong thing, usually intentionally so that they will not notice something else.
But first, let's unpack the question a bit.
I'm trying to wean myself off fatty food generally, making myself gradually stop using something that is bad for me.
And just so that you know, in broad brushstrokes, it never happened.
People who are not in the habit of making fine distinctions.
What are your thoughts on this?
Voila, it’s that simple.
It doesn't cast you in a good light.
It is nitpicking, the finding or pointing out of minor faults in a fussy or pedantic way.
He is known for his nitpicking comments on every little detail.
It was our oversight of not making it clear, a mistake made because of a failure to notice something.
I see what you mean, but I submit that this text is more precise.
This question still puzzles us.
There is no supportable way to interpret that passage to mean a "divine barrier".
We don't see it that way.
What else? That was pretty much it.
A subpar performance, below a usual or normal level or standard.
This map cannot possibly depict what the poster claims, for multiple reasons.
The malignity of his intentions.
You need to catch it before the cold weather sets in.
You're getting ready to head off for a vacation in paradise, to set off for this destination.
They are now cutting interest rates to head off a growth slowdown, to take action before it is expected to happen in order to prevent it from happening.
A puddle of tears.
Being impolite to elders is frowned upon in many societies, is disapproved.
Bad timing.
We keep him in high regard.
Evidence of such things existing in the first place.
The authors of the report were prone to wild exaggeration.
Such myths are constructed and passed down to future generations, without ever being seriously questioned.
One day he plucked up the courage to ask, became brave enough to do it.
He has occasionally sent mixed and cryptic messages.
There is no record of him disputing this fact.
Let me be unequivocally clear.
The differences far outweigh the similarities. But that’s where the similarities end.
The answer is reasonably simple, but subtle.
You said a mouthful, uttered something important or meaningful.
Ask him one day passing him in the hallway.

Someone brazen enough to pull a heist in a room full of agents, pull off a robbery.
The government knows about it but keeps it under wraps from the general public.
The new apprentice learned a lot, the pupil.
Now, I really need to get going.
I did it on purpose.
It is now newly available and growing in usage.
I'll take evidence over rumours, and evidence takes precedence over rumours.
Try to lessen his suffering.
As the crisis heats up and it strains the bounds of credulity.
When the case went to trial, he reluctantly agreed to bear witness against his neighbor, called to testify, give evidence in a court of law.
This is a whimsical conjecture, nothing more.
One immediate problem this idea runs into is the lack of consistency.
At no time in my life did he ask me.
At no point in time did I intentionally or deliberately want to cause any harm.
Given the amount of attention he bothered to focus on this subject.
They knowingly misled the court.
A fast-paced environment, moving very quickly.
The unbecoming language, and inappropriate outfit for the event raised many eyebrows.
For this to work, we must do something.
His rhetoric grows more extreme.
After that, questions are being raised about its further policies.
For no apparent reason, they named us friends.

It lags far behind the best foreign analogs, and we have to scale down our ambitions.
Yet public awareness is low.
What did I get out of it?
It reveals the dormant bugs of the system.
It revolves around several aspects.
I'm glad they don't have that stuff shoved down their throats these days.
I feel the urge to comment on this, have a strong wish to do so.
Let's send for a doctor and pass him the information to back up the story.
To redefine the problem to suit our own solutions.
They are not exceptions, but aren't quite the norm either.
Before we laugh it off, present the unpleasant as unimportant.
After the conference you also get a freebie, a gift from the company.
I need to call in a favour from an old colleague.
They were warned about interference ahead of the elections.
Just so we can say we tried.
They probably believed it was accurate, however, wishing don’t make it so.
The adviser could weigh in on a plan, add advices or comments.
It is called that as part of the global conspiracy to keep it confusing.
I've seen it many a time in the past, many times, frequently.
They have next to connection whatsoever.
Bask in the glory ensuing.
Your behaviour is out of line, beyond what is reasonable or allowable, not right or appropriate.
The somewhat abrasive wording of the question is disturbing.
With no end in sight.
It was a nice turn of phrase, a way of saying or describing something.
Do not play the victim nor point fingers at the others.
It shows great promise.
Brutality, in the service of winning, was no vice.
A ghostwriter is a person hired to write speeches that are putatively credited to another person as the author.
The putative leader, putative father, commonly alleged to exist.

The ability to sift through the big data and filter the valuable ones.
Probably not that much of a surprise.
Who would've thought.
The case has intensified a long-simmering debate about free speech.
Unless my memory fails me, unless my eyes fail me.
To blame him for the world’s ills.
That’s rich (absurd or ridiculous). And yet sitting on the fence. Nope, not buying it. I need more evidence before I make up my mind.
At current rates of spending, we are in the fast lane to bankruptcy.
He is cosplaying as a judge, the hobby of dressing as and pretending to be a character from a film or comic book.
I find it hard to believe but they brush off this version, dismiss it in an abrupt manner.
You are now ready to pick fights with everyone.
To save the fanatics the embarrassment of presenting false arguments.
It will always increase over time, but have another go.
Looks like I am a little late to the party.
He claimed it with a straight face.
But the report was short on details about finding a source for the investment required to reverse the economic decline.
They seemed determined to goad us into a fight, to make us react by continuously annoying us.
How he could remain within sight of being promoted, and not being within our grasp.
He faced the disaster with unflagging (unrelenting) courage and never sought refuge in illusions.
Let's untangle this mess of misunderstanding of an ignorant.
The most entangled, and by a large lead.
A false teachings that crept into church during its infant stage.
Very nice write up, informative and to the point.

To fence off the house with a wall.
It differs markedly from his own account.
I have to root for my team.
They have the gall to question my statement, have the nerve, is a brazen boldness with brash and insolent self-confidence.
He often prioritises personal rapport with his staff and is expected to place considerable stock in the in-person meetings, has confidence or faith in such meetings.
This is why it was made up so frivolously and accepted all throughout its history.
It has an underlying philosophy.
Opinions which sharply conflict with my views.
To provide a sanitised and harmonised version of the early years.
Such a shameless liar.
To have reasons to prosecute war.
It spiralled into a conundrum, the situation quickly got worse.
Can we have some sanity back?
It was the final nail in the coffin.
The policies were not all that thought out.
No one piece of evidence states that, in straightforward and unambiguous language.
You can start much smaller. No one eats an elephant in one dinner.
Speak to fill the void.
Drink water straight from the tap.
We are set to pull the plug on the project.
He declined to comment on the report.
Sam Harris: "Religion gives people bad reasons for acting morally, where good reasons are actually available.”
We are fortunate to have this letter, because it is from it that we learn most about the details.
It's up for debates.
An ill concealed laughter.
Be served by obsequious waiters, servile, sycophantic, excessively obedient and overly attentive.
Obsessed to satiate its lust for sensationalism.
If the rabble continues to occupy itself with you, then simply don't read that hogwash, but rather leave it to the reptile for whom it has been fabricated.
He had imposed on them a moderate tribute, suitable to their limited resources.
“Unwritten” isn’t quite the way to describe it.
They are trying to stoke hatred, contempt and resentment.
When you knowingly call it so, in full awareness or consciousness, deliberately, as possessing secret knowledge.
Only the locals are entitled to badmouth their country, speak ill of others.
Opportunities like this don't come along every day.
None of this makes sense.

Whenever the circumstances so require.
The person so designated or appointed.
If the court considers that exceptional circumstances so justify.
When adopting such a judgment, the court will have due regard to the sensitive nature of the documents so considered.
If it so decides of its own motion, on its own initiative.
They may raise their claim in so far as its character and the circumstances permit.
The court may at any time examine an adjourned application where the interests of the proper administration of justice so require.
If the presiding judge so directs, the clerk must provide the verbatim record of the hearing.
It shall so declare in a reasoned decision.
If the judge so desires, he may attach an advisory opinion or a separate opinion either concurring with or dissenting from the reasoned decision, or barely statement of dissent.
Failure to do so may lead to the case being struck out of the court's rolls.
Once it has become final.
Once a request for interim measures has been submitted.
Once the time-limit has elapsed, it cannot be extended, as set out in the rules.
Conditions laid down in the next paragraph.
They should be mindful at all times of their duty to act with requisite integrity and dignity, necessary and required.
Persons associated with pending cases.
In the exercise of their functions, they must keep themselves free of undue influence of any kind.
This affects adversely the public confidence in the institution.
To perform their duties in a diligent and respectful manner.
They may not engage in any additional activity except insofar as this is compatible with the prestige of their job.
The dysfunction that has given rise to similar complaints.
I can't call his name to mind, remember, recall.
We are reaching out to tell you about some changes.
Unless mentioned above, these changes will fully take effect on August 26th.
When it waved its final goodbye.
Little we know about it, which means we are left to speculate about it.
It is important to lay out some historical context before we address the points.
Let me lay out some important points, make it explicit.
The dispute we are set to answer is the following.

Now onto the fun part.
I bet he's thinking otherwise.
This is the final straw.
Once we get up to this point.
Where do you think the race stands now?
Drop out of the race after weeks of political tumult, disarray, agitation.
By a quirk, the words happen to resemble each other.
It didn't fall by the wayside, and remained the mainstream.
However, its a bit more complicated than that, so let’s back up a bit.
They wanted to, but he kept them from doing so.
Let me ask you another question to show how dump yours is.
I don’t think the government has delivered on its promises.
The jobs were outsourced to mercenaries.
It's moot, a moot point.
It is premature to conclude that the time is ripe for the adoption of new instruments on this issue.
He is unfit and unqualified for the job.
For the sake of argument, to explore the hypothetical situation.
A very loose umbrella term that doesn't say anything specific.
Behave like a spoilt child.
Their apparent bonhomie, friendliness.
But communicating takes some getting used to.
So that's my two cents on the matter.
This is not a gimmick or marketing tool, not a trick or ruse.
This idea is a bit off.
The author seems to be far too poorly informed about the matters, not someone with firsthand knowledge.
There is an odd theory that goes something like this.
It got me thinking that they systematically disregard risks.
Opportunity knocks.
To sneak by the obstacles, creep through.
With little regard for fairness and equity.
Wounded imperial pride.
I don't have an issue with the word itself.
Abiogenesis, life from non-life.
We could but didn’t pay attention on time.
I am not anywhere near his level.
In fact, it is all fiction, if you excuse the pun, play of words.

On a stylistic note, I would omit this fragment.
They fall short of providing definitive proof.
They were pushed overboard.
Fair Warning: I have absolutely no research to support this answer.
Too fuzzy-edged to qualify as a principle.
Well, this question has summoned a whole bunch of haters.
Before a handful of speakers branched off and began to migrate.
Working in such an uncompetitive market is a real stroke of luck.
That estimate isn't as wide of the mark as it seems, not so far from the truth, inaccurate, not grounded in reality.
"Ad lib", short for "ad libitum," meaning "at one's pleasure", without a script or planning.
We bow to your superior intellect.
Two candidates limp to a runoff, to the second round.
Mist to cover up corruption.
Classic creativity on display here.
Our heartfelt thanks, sincere, genuine.
The political outbursts might bear some of the blame.
Your confusion seems to arise from another misconception.
Bear with me – I have a point.
We've been reminded about it umpteen times.
A swindler paltering with his investors is when you lie by telling the truth in a misleading way.
There is no such thing except in his fervid imagination.
During a dangerous time when science and religion were often pitted against one another.
Nothing in his demeanour suggests that.
Good point, one comment though, if I remember rightly.
Try to get us food.
Of all the things that never happened, this never happened the most.

Yes and No. We'll do the “no” first.
As far as our knowledge goes.
Lower your expectations.
What a time to be alive.
The payment came at his direction, as testified on the witness stand in court.
No long winded explanation.
I strongly suspect that this is a troll question.
It looks and feels like it was shoehorned in as an afterthought.
Let's crack on, continue doing something as quickly as possible.
The review led to the severing of informants' sources.
They used to look down on the immigrants.
The idea caught on.
Then raid the kitchen.
We've come full circle.
You know I pride myself on being reliable.
This is a continually recurring question in different forms.
Its importance can't be overstated.
He was very tired, so much so that he fell asleep immediately.
But they are nothing like at all.
I suggest that before you pursue this question further you check out the facts.
I'd like to express my sympathy to her family and friends, compassion, and condolences.
Which amounts to a lot.
Not a groundbreaking change, but still an intentional change.
He clipped their wings.
He did something unheard of.
If given the chance, which one would you choose?
This advantage is less noticeable in modern environments.
It is slowly getting visibility.
This is a hot contender for the most stupid question ever written.
From among the elites.
Showcasing his mastery of the language.
Not to forget this day is coming up.
They are identical except for size.
The news came just a short while ago.
As for their backwardness, an old myth cooked up by somebody without any basis in fact.
The predators are as intelligent as they need to be to outwit their prey.
The government pushes this to keep us from noticing that they are looting the country.
Two weeks to go.
The country no longer stands by its commitment.
The aura of invincibility around him has been shattered.
The country is currently enmeshed in a leadership crisis stemming from the death of its president last month.
However, this is where the similarities end.
There are things he could have handled better.
After this day, we cannot go on as though nothing has happened.
Here is the breakdown of this concept.
Spot on answer, the answer provided is exactly correct or perfectly accurate, the answer hits the mark without any errors or omissions.
We have room for but one language here.
Continuously exposed to misinformation.
He is an influential figure in his own right.
However, his long-term vision was firmly rooted in the promotion of democratic values and human rights, which often put him at odds with the Soviet model.
He was not supportive of their policies.
I'm still confused as to how the hell they managed to mount a case.
I'm really scratching my head about the answers here.
You are a gullible sucker who fell for the lies of a charlatan. Do better.
Nothing out of the ordinary.

It is not argued, let alone explained.
It was meant to dissuade others from taking part in the conspiracy, discourage, deter.
Corruption comes to mind when you mention this country.
The trump card.
A short attention span refers to a limited ability to focus on a task or topic for an extended period of time.
That lunatic fringe can't contain himself.
You communicate nothing but gibberish.
I have a bummer and they want to drag others into it, unpleasant situation.
Just a word of warning.
A few things spring spontaneously to mind.
He cut me off in the middle of our conversation, stopped me speaking by interrupting me or putting the telephone down.
They continued to plummet into despair.
In my reading, or the way I interpret the text.
Much ado about nothing, when someone is overreacting and makes a big deal of fuss over something unimportant.
A petty hooligan, incapable of providing that their phantasm even exists.
Sorry for keeping bugging you.
This proposal is well thought out, with all consequences considered.
Things worth remembering.
Then the odds decreased markedly.
To prod him towards something, to incite to action, motivate or urge.
The veil has finally come off.
It dents our importance, makes it weaker.
It can pose challenges though.
Being parochial refers to having a narrow or limited outlook, provincial, having limited exposure to ideas and perspectives outside of one's community or environment.
It vanished like a fart in the air of history.
Let’s not quibble over words.
They brush off this idea as unscientific.
No quibble with what you’ve written but let’s not forget the foregoing.
A highly anticipated feature.

The propaganda machine that tolerates no dissent.
One wonders how many more secret reports they have.
There can be no doubt that this is an instrument of repression.
The operations described above, or variants thereof.
Not everything is looking rosy.
He was also an astute observer of human nature.
Don't take offence to my question.
Get in line.
That's quite an imagination you have.
In a sudden spasm of altruism.
Otherwise known as a common human recklessness.
What's your pitch, your concise summary or explanation of your idea, proposal, product, or yourself in a persuasive manner, quick overview of why something is worth considering.
They don't follow the knews closely.
It went into decline.
No one in their right mind thinks it is so.
The complainants must have a vested interest or legal right that is impacted by the matter at hand, and must have pursued all possible avenues for legal recourse within their own country's legal system.

That is what we need to be mindful of, to take into consideration, to pay attention to, be aware of or be cognizant of.
Your question insults the intelligence of the reader.
Geopolitics, natural disasters, health scares or anything else could end up spooking investors.
He was the consummate bureaucratic infighter, perfect bureaucrat, and a toady, sycophant.
Worded in a convoluted way, expressed or phrased in a complicated manner.
Swamped under a deluge of complaints.
These are facts which, alone, are alarming and unprecedented.
I'm coming around to your point of view, start accepting and stop opposing it, or disagreeing with it.
This is a landmark ruling, historical, and it could trigger a wave of similar lawsuits in other countries.
They foment animosity among the members, fuel enmity.
A language is a dialect with an army and a navy, Max Weinreich.
Don't be hasty.
Tellingly, he refused to meet them on his latest trip, which is revealing.
That defies expectations.
What sets them apart defies ordinaries.
Today marks 5 years since he was condemned.
To help in solving the issue.
Killed or maimed, wounded or injured so that part of the body is permanently damaged.
Maybe he is napping.
I didn't find a tactful way to say that.
His arrival was foretold in ancient murals.
Disgusting beyond belief.

Whether it makes things better or worse depends on whom you ask.
In a way, true to a limited extent or in certain respects.
Without caring too much about it.
Are you a gatekeeper?
Selfish, greedy, ambitious, unscrupulous, exactly what is in high demand nowadays.
It operates on the premise that the readers are stupid.
He ended up having to stay in space until further notice.
I've thought long and hard over this.
History is replete with very bad people who wish to take everything away from you.
Talent like yours should not go to waste.
It was unacceptable to hold on to the view that the situation is essentially unalterable.
You touched on an important point, mentioned briefly.
He has already rushed to "express concern" over their reaction.
They amp up propaganda, intensify, increase, the campaign ramped up.
I didn't even bother to mention it.
But several factors made catastrophe all but inevitable.
I fear that I would give offense to the those present no matter what I said.
They look very well fed, barely able to fit on the sofa.
He showed us into the conference room.
We have been shown the real intentions.
It’s amazing how you so nonchalantly cast off an entire era.

People often fret for no rational reason.
Just checking in to see if you're feeling well.
When you lay hands on the files, get possession of them.
The state machine quickly sprang into action.
It is fine by me, I have no objection.
I want to pick up on the conversation we had, return to a point that has already been mentioned or discussed.
They lie through their teeth, telling what they know is a complete lie.
To segue from an episode to the next one, to pass.
They may be spared the cost and inconvenience of such a procedure.
The process can be time-consuming and error-prone.
I don't say this to brag.
Cancelled until further notice.
In plain terms, the only thing he is good at is exposing his accomplices.
We are short on time.
Take activated charcoal before drinking alcohol to minimise unwanted hangovers.
Biggest hugs, kisses and cuddles.
As a refresher, the bond is fraying.
It's time to report to duties.
I don’t know where you find the patience to field all the foolish – also tendentious – questions that you calmly and magisterially answer.
In part, to lay claim over the territory.
The authenticity is doubtful, so it should be read with care.
You mind not talking until I finish?
That escalated quickly.
The observer modifies the observed.
Lie upon lie. I'm in tears.
We have been dragging on for too long with debates, which continue for an excessively long time.
We are raring to go, very eager to do something, but progress has stalled since then.

An uncalled-for display of temper, unnecessary, unprovoked, gratuitous.
He looks unhinged, mentally unbalanced, deranged.
When you imagine him, you likely conjure the image of a poised (balanced) man full of rambunctious (uncontrolled) quirks.
He later penned a note on that topic.
Worth noting is that the data are largely irrelevant.
People often fret for no rational reason, worry, feel uneasy.
He was to rise to prominence and faced accusations of financial impropriety, behaviour that is dishonest, socially unacceptable, or unsuitable for a particular situation, failure to observe standards of honesty or modesty.
It's too long of a story to tell right now.
The story doesn't fit the narrative.
I doubt they know anything of the sort.
The impending lawsuits, in the forthcoming period.
It has already hit the Internet.
He will high likely become the new shareholder.
This is exactly what I've been harping on.
I catch the drift, or I get the drift, understand the general meaning of what someone Is saying.
This matter is of no concern to us.
Time will tell how it is going to play out, to unfold, to manifest itself.
A war with no end in sight.
What do you make of it?
To come to grips with it, to make an effort to understand and deal with a problem or situation.
It’s out of a cold calculation.
Do you take the threats at face value?
Don't twitch, jerk.
The negotiators were nearing an agreement.
He will strike wherever weakness presents, whenever the opportunity presents or arises.
Was it worse the wait?
Shifting the society to military footing.

Opposite to the expected, to the anticipated.
Sorry to rain on your parade.
History is far too kind to this criminal.
As his occasional explanatory digressions show.
Your persistence will pay off down the road, in the future. Don't ease up, don't relax.
Don't ease up on legal documentation just because you're working with a family member.
Offhand, without taking time for careful consideration, I have no idea how you'd go about writing an appeal.
An offhand solution to fix the problem.
You pick on the semantics.
You pick on me, treat me unfairly by blaming and criticising.
What do you make of it? What is your impression, what do you think of it, what is your understanding about this?
Not uncommon in this sort of crimes.
A smug look on your face, complacent.
They are readying themselves to do it.
The backsliding has gone unchecked for too long.
And in most cases they are still fully allegiant to that country.
A dependant, someone who cannot fully provide for themselves due to age, disability, or other circumstances.
Or better yet, it has become plain that it cannot exist.
Bad behaviour is a sure-fire way of getting attention, certain to succeed.
He dons the crown, puts it on.

Truth to be told.
The fatigue sets in.
It should be taken seriously.
Although initially delighted, I started to develop a sneaking suspicion that they had been connected to the scam.
My top three rants about it.
We are still ranting on about the unfairness of it all, speaking or shouting at length in an angry, impassioned way.
I will see you off with great pleasure.
A face contorted with fury.
He is a role model, someone who is worthy of imitation.
We hold them in esteem.
The ink was barely dry before they began to undermine those rights.
He is an acquaintance of mine.
Here's a breakdown.
I bet you didn’t know that.
We can rise to the challenge, react to a difficult situation by working hard to succeed, show that we can deal with the situation, rise to the occasion.


Subject: Pleading of Innocence l

Dear [Recipient's Name],

I hope this letter finds you well.

[Or I write with my deep concerns about…]

I am writing to plead my innocence in the matter of [Case/File Number]. I firmly believe that I have been wrongly accused, and I would like to present my case to seek justice and clear my name.

I want to emphasise that I have the utmost respect for the legal process and the importance of truth and justice. However, the circumstances surrounding the accusations against me have been deeply distressing and have caused immense hardship for me and my loved ones. It is with great sincerity and faith in the fairness of the legal system that I present my plea for your consideration.

I firmly maintain my innocence and would like to bring to your attention several key points that support my claim:

1. Lack of Evidence: There is a distinct absence of concrete evidence linking me to the alleged offence. The prosecution's case is primarily based on circumstantial evidence, which fails to establish a definitive connection between me and the crime in question. I believe that a thorough examination of the evidence will reveal the lack of any substantial proof against me.

2. Inconsistencies and Discrepancies: I have identified several inconsistencies and discrepancies in the accounts provided by the prosecution's witnesses. These inconsistencies raise significant doubts about the accuracy and reliability of their testimonies. I request a careful evaluation of these discrepancies to ensure a fair assessment of the situation.

3. Alibi and Witnesses: I have a strong alibi supported by multiple credible witnesses who can verify my whereabouts during the time in question. These individuals are willing to provide sworn statements and testify under oath to substantiate my claim of innocence. I urge you to consider their testimony as it strengthens my case and undermines the credibility of the accusations against me.

4. Character References: I have lived an honest and law-abiding life, and I have a strong reputation within my community. I have never been involved in any criminal activities before, and those who know me well can attest to my character and integrity. I kindly request you to consider the testimony of character references who can vouch for my good moral standing.

5. Forensic Analysis: I firmly believe that a comprehensive forensic analysis of the evidence will support my innocence. I respectfully request that a thorough examination of the available forensic data be conducted, including DNA analysis, fingerprint analysis, or any other relevant scientific methods, to shed light on the truth of the matter.

I understand that the legal process can be complex and time-consuming, but I implore you to give careful consideration to the points I have raised. My hope is that by thoroughly examining the evidence and testimonies presented, the truth will prevail, and I will be acquitted of all charges brought against me.

I am fully prepared to cooperate with the authorities, attend any required hearings, and provide any additional information or evidence that may aid in my defence. I have complete faith in the fairness of the justice system and trust that my plea will be given the attention it deserves.

Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to a fair and just resolution to this matter. Please feel free to contact me if you require any further information or if there are any updates regarding my case.

Yours sincerely, [...]

* * *

Ladies and gentlemen, distinguished guests, and esteemed participants,

Good evening, and welcome to this remarkable gathering of brilliant minds at the Conference. It is my great pleasure and honour to stand before you today as we embark on a journey of scientific exploration, innovation, and collaboration.

At the outset, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to each one of you for joining us here today. Your presence signifies not only your unwavering commitment to the pursuit of knowledge but also your dedication to advancing the frontiers of science and shaping a brighter future for all of humanity.

This conference serves as a beacon of intellectual exchange, where cutting-edge research, revolutionary ideas, and groundbreaking discoveries converge. We have assembled a remarkable lineup of experts and thought leaders from diverse fields, creating a unique platform for interdisciplinary dialogue and collaboration. Together, we will explore the vast expanse of scientific inquiry, delving into the depths of our collective understanding and pushing the boundaries of what is known.

The theme of this year's conference resonates deeply with the challenges and opportunities we face in our rapidly evolving world. It compels us to confront the complexities of our time and seek innovative solutions to address the pressing issues that impact our society, environment, health, and beyond. The diverse array of topics that will be discussed over the course of this event will undoubtedly offer invaluable insights, inspire new perspectives, and foster transformative ideas.

Moreover, this conference serves as an embodiment of the spirit of collaboration. As we come together from different corners of the globe, we bring with us a multitude of perspectives, experiences, and expertise. It is within this diverse tapestry that we find the power to ignite change, to unlock the mysteries of the universe, and to shape a future that is not only scientifically advanced but also ethically responsible and sustainable.

Throughout this conference, we encourage you to actively engage with your fellow scientists, researchers, and innovators. Take advantage of this unique opportunity to build connections, forge new partnerships, and establish a network that will endure long after the conference concludes. It is through these collaborations that we can collectively make a profound impact and accelerate progress towards a better world.

As we embark on this journey together, let us embrace the spirit of curiosity, open-mindedness, and intellectual rigour. Let us challenge existing paradigms, explore uncharted territories, and strive for excellence in everything we do. By sharing our knowledge, expertise, and passion for science, we hold the power to transform lives, transcend boundaries, and unravel the mysteries of our universe.

Once again, I extend my warmest welcome to all the distinguished guests, speakers, and participants present today. May this conference be a source of inspiration, a catalyst for innovation, and a testament to the immense power of scientific collaboration. Together, let us push the frontiers of knowledge, shape the future, and leave a lasting impact on generations to come.

Thank you, and I wish you all a fruitful and memorable experience at the Conference.

* * *

I was frankly appalled.
Get everything wrong.
I must not pretend to remember everything perfectly.
Notice other oddities.
This seemed servile, apart from anything else.
It ignited my interest.
I experienced a stab of sheer indignation.
I had just been given a glimpse.
It misrepresents the origins.
Grounded on wish-thinking.
The pursuit of ideas for their own sake.
Unfilled gaps.
By evidence and reasoning and not by mutual excommunication.

Raise an eyebrow.
Proclaim our rectitude, wallow in our unworthiness, ostentatious absurdity.
In pursuit of truth or beauty.
Laughably ignorant.
Forced to rescind one of those dogmas, revoke, cancel.
Warn against painkilling effects.
It has to be conceded.
I don’t feel arrogant enough to exempt myself from the mildest self-criticism.
Infancy of our species.
Hard-won human attainments.
Obey the rules and commandments that qualify for an eternity of bliss and repose.
The level of intensity fluctuates according to time and place.
They did so for two excellent reasons.

Or stay out altogether.
Straight yes/no question.
Our own faculties of discernment.
It was in this wise.
Always impending tempests of hatred and bigotry.
Not one single minute of breathing space was allowed.
Set at naught if induced, disregarded, disdained.
To adopt such a stand is the elementary duty of a self-respecting human.
Revert to atavistic behaviour under the least provocation, a prudent rule.
Imagine a greater affront.

This episode, part horrifying and part grotesque, difficult to reconcile.
A number of serious attempts were made.
Bows the knee.
Forfeited their right to exist.
Paramount, as it happens, forced this point.
So ghastly had been the regime, terrible, horrible, frightful.
The disappointment was, and to me remains, acute, as a national disgrace, in most lenient terms.
Who complained about this flat-out hysteria.
The motive to it is laudable.

But is it not safer to adhere to a right principle.
Either subversive or insane.
Opposed the effort to remove hybrids.
In this respect, religion is not unlike racism.
They breed like rabbits and wipe their bottoms with the wrong hand.
Perused but failed to notice.
Crammed together in sties, pigs tend to act swinishly.
It is not unknown for them to eat their own young.
Display many signs of intelligence.
I daresay that it is easy to surmise which came first.
To avoid it altogether.

But many otherwise intelligent mammals.
To press this a little further, one may note that.
They did not sicken from eating pork.
Another answer to the conundrum.
I claim my own solution.
Have a repressed desire to participate.
Those who have been fortunate enough to visit Spain.
The grim origin of these lies.
The ancient stupidity of zealots is upon us again.
Read enough to know of it.
This apparently trivial fetish shows how religion and faith and superstition distort our whole picture of the world.
In the plain light of reason.
Because the drops have to be administered twice.
Inflict the greatest possible suffering in the least number of words.
He has opined that, has been no better and sometimes worse.
Generous enough to point it out.
The vaccine could ward off smallpox, alienate, avert.
Regarded it as an interference with god’s design.
Leave aside the fundamental absurdity of this observation.
As they might have liked to believe.
In doing so, it continues to pose an urgent threat, I pose a hypothetical question.
For all I care.
This revulsion is innate in any healthy person, disgust.
This salient fact claims a special divine exemption for its practices and beliefs.
Do without bothering to consult him.
He has been lavish in his promise.
Deranged fantasies from the bill of indictment.
Inescapable dilemma.
Cheap thrill of impending doom.
The wish for obliteration can be seen without disguise.
I second his motion, support.
Confrontation with reason.
One must state it plainly.

The power to dictate its own terms.
The pathetic vestiges of this can still be seen.
The world of the living contains enough visible and tangible marvels and mysteries.
Emulations of the supplicant serf before an ill-tempered, self-centred and conceited monarch.
I happen to be busy on an errand.
Consult their “stars” and see through the fallacy.
The luckless victim, devourers and devoured.
Equipped with wings.
To echo Laplace.
This vanity allows us to overlook the implacable fact, vain as we are.
Unfettered inquiry, unrestrained or uninhibited.

Those who have yielded, not without a struggle, to the overwhelming evidence.
Award themselves a medal for their own acceptance of defeat.
A tinkerer, an approximator, and a blunderer, in heaping up a junkyard.
The human record is traceable back for an impressively long and continuous period of time.
Well-intentioned as he may have been.
To which I alluded earlier.
Probably the most daunting task that we face.
No less difficult is the realisation that we may also be quite random as presences on earth.
This is no great surprise: inefficient creatures will either die out or be destroyed by more successful ones.
Arrived at the most disquieting and unsettling conclusion.
It may be worth mentioning that.
Most diverse and interesting of conceivable universes.
Shrewdly observed.
Wonders certainly await us.

Though I dislike to differ with such a great man.
On certain very special occasions.
Hopelessly inconsistent, incurable deficiency, sinister premonitions.
Appears to necessitate religious war.
Already littered with existing prophecies.
Most attention has been concentrated on chapter 20 itself.
Dire warning that the sins of the fathers will be visited on their children.
Indiscriminate massacre.

Safely and easily discarded.
Ill-carpentered fiction.
Times prior thereto.
It seems distinctly implausible.
Until well after his death.
Genocidal incitements.
Emissaries, raising afresh the whole question.
Imperatives of nomadic subsistence.
For concision, I shall again defer it to a finer writer.
Palpably apocryphal stories.
Soap-opera.
The movie sought tirelessly to lay the blame for it upon them.
Patently fraudulent claim.
They flatly contradict each other.
A ghastly emanation from sick minds.
Incandescent debate.
Notwithstanding all that, there is scarcely a word in any of the letters.
The bent and stretched evidence had to be massaged to some extent.

Thus prophecy is fulfilled.
A demand that lay well beyond their right.
It is of interest to note the dates of these magnificently ingenious edicts.
This is really so preposterous as to be comic.
An attempt to give the barest suggestion of the meaning of words, minimum, the slightest.
The point may seem minor but it is not.
Sanguinary feuds between different schools.
It naturally goes without saying.
While there was little or no evidence for that.
In ascertainable history.
I owe him an apology for the precedent cases.
Justify such arrogance and presumption.
We need take no side in the schism.
As one might expect, once it is conceded.
Pile hearsay upon hearsay, and purport to describe, if you so choose.
Guilty of a heinous sin.
The insight, to which I am coming.
Thus the likelihood of the second must be weighed against the likelihood of the first.

Nobody seems to have thought it worthwhile to interview either survivor.
To respect ourselves enough to disbelieve the whole thing.
Until superior evidence is presented, which it has not been.
Exceptional claims demand exceptional evidence, asserted at second or third hand.
Made for their benefit.
We grant them the presumption of truth.
The only responsible decision is to suspend or withhold judgment until the votaries have come up with something that is not merely childish, proponents.
I found myself representing the devil, as it were, pro bono.
I myself am absolutely convinced.
He broke silence after a while to say that.
Standing atop the shoulders of distinguished writers and thinkers.

That enabled him to be prescient, not all of the time by any means, but impressively so on some occasions; predictive, clairvoyant.
The thought has surely occurred to many people throughout the ages.
Eloquent in itself, so to say.
Futile as this proceeding was.
He exacted the best possible revenge for his stolen and empty childhood.
Their gullibility and their herd instinct.
It has attracted a great deal of criticism.
To rehearse the conjury.
This remains a fascinating and somewhat open question.
A long-standing condition that vanished from human view.
Metaphors and allegories.
They incited to carry out the pillage and murder of other tribes.
Milder words are not accepted straightaway.
At any rate, the Almighty managed to tolerate the situation.
It would also be inaccurate to say that.
I can do no other.
This sura deals at some length with the justified spoils of war.

It is often portrayed as though it involved a connection between religious belief and ethical outcomes.
He was in a sense pushing at an open door.
To state the matter shortly, it might suit him.
A fakir and guru instead.
Which in the circumstances would have meant much the same thing.
Arrived shortly thereafter.
If only to see what damage he had wrought.
An impulse dependent upon something rather tenuous.
One branch happened to take root and grow.
Travesty of the truth.
Exemplify the same point in a different way.
The protagonist made a very acute observation.
One might prefer to attribute this to another fact.
An obscene and menacing phone calls from him.
I am not overwhelmed by an excess of choice, shivering with fear.
I was helping escort to a place of safety.
Beyond computation.
To my surprise, he did not dismiss my question.
I was impressed by this man’s frankness.
Make no distinction between races and nations.
Slaughtered them en masse.
Take refuge in churches.

Emancipation from Soviet rule.
He was praised among other things for the number of apologies he had made.
To pursue a softer solution.
Blindness of sight.
Shoes and minds must be left at the gate.
Seeking advice and counsel.
Conceivably, some readers of these pages will be shocked to learn of his existence.
There you have it again: a baseless assumption that some undefined external “force” has a mind of its own.
He knows a great deal about all this.
Of this non-sequitur type, a conclusion or statement that does not logically follow from the previous argument or statement.
By way of the dissolution of their own critical faculties, put their reason to sleep, and to discard their minds along with their sandals.
The longer it is delayed the more heinous the denial will become.
The altars of primitive society reeked of blood and vengeful mood.
A short while before I arrived, another atrocity had occurred.
Once grasped is never forgotten, whatever that may mean.
To put it more plainly, for other reasons having nothing to do with reproduction.
In dire need.

It has subsisted largely on lies and fears.
On a whim, in that the dullest mind can grasp.
We don’t want heaven crammed.
To the credit of the institution.
On any subject that the regime chose to define as off-limits.
It had always harboured the most profound misgivings.
One brick piled upon another.
To inaugurate the tenure of another.
Almost negligible.

You may come across a statement purportedly made by him.
It stood squarely across the path.
Praise unreservedly.
The rhetoric is too florid, excessively intricate or complicated.
Which had since been exaggerated beyond all recognition.
Shaman, hooligan and charlatan.
Recourse to much the same tactic.
Gullible yokels, stained glass.
Immutable laws.
Anthropologist would have little difficulty in recognising that.
Endless bounty.
There is nothing in modern secular argument that even hints at any ban.
Backward and despotic state.
Keeping my thoughts to myself.
Divine spark, to a greater or lesser extent.
Away with him!
Deathbed “repentances”.

And he was correct in a formal sense, sniffing this insanitary barbarian, who had a real pang, pain.
Deceiving themselves.
One supposes, rest assured.
Keep abreast of these developments.
The fabrication of a few nonevents.
Another way of putting this is to say that.
It can now only impede and retard, or try to turn back.
Pray in the right direction.
Sacred texts that have been found to be corrupt and confected.
To make it plain to me.
Upright posture.

I ought to salute.
Put me immensely in her debt.
Fraud-buster.
Over many years.
I am very conflicted in this issue.

Arousing resentment, handling complaints.
Get out of a mental rut, track, habit.
That survey revealed new technique of getting along.
It would be out of place.
He was dizzy with fear.
A rollicking story of his achievements, exuberantly lively and amusing.
A vivid illustration of how leadership gravitates to the person who can talk, a shortcut to distinction.
When afire with enthusiasm.
Far-flung corners of the earth.
An erstwhile cowboy, former, old, one-time.
With great gusto, enjoyment, zest.
He longed to go back to college.
An idea that is boiling and stewing within.
Most of them were deadly dull, boring.
The temerity to write.
Fair questions.

I was sorely in need of such training myself.
I am appalled at my own frequent lack of finesse and understanding.
This success is due to one’s technical knowledge.
In the heyday of his activity.
It has escaped my attention up to the present writing.
They searched diligently for a practical textbook on the subject and found not one. 
I recall that we read over one hundred biographies.
To illustrate, the listeners to go out and test.
People are frequently astonished at the new results they achieve.

One man was so stirred by a talk on these principles that he sat far into the night discussing them with other members of the class.
Which he habitually fails to use, as those dormant and unused assets.
You aren’t then a little better equipped to meet life’s situations.
For the heart aim of education.
Unless you have this one fundamental requisite.
Then you can achieve wonders.
Picture to yourself how their mastery will aid you in leading a richer, fuller, happier and more fulfilling life.
My sense of worth depends to no small extent upon my skill in dealing with people.
First to get a bird's eye view of it.
Merely for entertainment.
In the long run, this will mean saving time and getting results.

Skimming through it once will suffice.
The improvement that still lies in the offing, the more distant part of the sea in view.
This sticks in your mind.
You will probably find it difficult to apply.
It is frequently easier to find fault than to find praise.
I’ll put it in his own words as accurately as I can remember.
As the years passed, these blunders became less frequent.
Check up each week on the progress you are making.
Keep notes in the back of this book.
That would do nobody any harm.
Stoutly maintaining that they should never have been imprisoned at all, with courage and determination.
Criticism is futile because it puts a person on the defensive and usually makes them strive to justify themselves.
It often incurs resentment.
As much as we thirst for approval, we dread condemnation.
It will be prolonged indefinitely.
The rebukes almost invariably end in futility.
Handle the problem.
He never troubled to answer the letter.
I am ashamed to admit it.
Became so diplomatic, so adroit at handling people, clever or skilful.
I will speak ill of no man.
Tears streamed down his face.
What is it you want?
I expected too much of youth.
It breeds sympathy, tolerance and kindness.
But these crude methods have sharply undesirable repercussions.

As the desire for food or sleep, which is seldom gratified.
Longing to be appreciated.
These prizes gave him a feeling of importance.
Rockefeller amassed millions that he never spent.
But life blasted all her hopes.
Words that ought to be cast in eternal bronze and hung in every home and school.
I once succumbed to the fad of fasting and went for six days and nights without eating.
There is nothing I need so much as nourishment for my self-esteem.
To resort to flattery so cheap and false that it can be spotted almost before it is out of the mouth.
Be lavish in your praise.
Personally I am very fond of strawberries and cream, but I have found that for some strange reason, fish prefer worms.
It was necessary to bait the hook to suit the fish.
Inasmuch as you have done it.

Action springs out of what we fundamentally desire.
Who pose as experts in the arts.
We solicit your cooperation toward overcoming the undesirable effects arising from late receipt.
It had the reverse effect.
Please don’t trouble to answer this note.
I chanced to meet a real-estate operator.
He didn't object.
In that book he relates an illuminating incident.
Genuinely interested in it.
In tones that bespeak how pleased you are.
He loaded me down with facts, figures, reports and correspondence.

It is a two-way street – both parties benefit.
Until I finally fell asleep.
The boredom and tension were converted into a pleasant and enjoyable experience.
An insincere grin, smile broadly, especially in an unrestrained manner and with the mouth open.
You can be assured, I am still answering my phone with a smile.
I am now trying to see the other person’s viewpoint.
It depends on inner conditions.
But remember, perusing it won’t do you any good unless you apply it.
For its benefits.
He developed an uncanny ability for remembering people’s names.
People are so proud of their names that they strive to perpetuate them at any cost.
It is a mystery to me.
He went to even further pains, careful efforts.
And then tear up the paper.
And sympathised with his grievance.
It vanished into thin air.
I listened patiently to all he had to say.
When he finally simmered down, became less angry, and got in a receptive mood.
Sympathetic listener to whom he could unburden himself.
What did you want to get out of him?

Do unto others as you would have others do unto you.
As I stood there pondering what to do.
A great silence ensued.
Because we have shown respect for her.
The unvarnished truth is that almost all the people you meet feel themselves superior to you in some subtle way.
He craved little recognition.
Sleeping in his clothes for seventy-two hours at a stretch.
But we were guests at a festive occasion.
Before becoming argumentative, given to expressing divergent or opposite views.
His argument full of holes and prove that he is non compos mentis, insane, in law, not competent to go to trial.
By loudly asserting his authority.
That’s tantamount to saying the opposite.
Any of our assumptions leads us to seek every manner of excuse for clinging to it.
A policeman itching to show his authority.

But instead of breaking lances with him.
Not worth worrying about.
It ended without any ill feeling or rancour.
This may perhaps be worth thinking of.
Not going to lead to a satisfactory resolution of my problems.
Succeed in capturing the attention for our ultimate proposal.
He flatly refused to answer.
Why? I asked in amazement.
They will feel inferior and envious.
A formula that will work wonders for you.
A sympathetic grasp of the other persons’ viewpoint.
Make the other person listen attentively.
Feel sorry for the poor devils. Pity them. Sympathise with them.

Illustration of how he softened the ire of a disappointed and ambitious mother.
Was it worth the risk?
Instead he chose to make his point indirectly.
You’ll disgrace yourself if you ever read that stuff.
He realised he had made a grave mistake.
I shall punch him in the nose.
Rightfully used, they will work veritable miracles in human relations.
By letting him save face.
Spur people on to success.
Because he had singled out a specific accomplishment, rather than just making general flattering remarks.
When the facts warrant a change, justify or necessitate.
And he fulfilled her duties satisfactorily from then on.
Unyielding attachment to prejudice.
The ability to wall off certain areas from inquiry.
The cost of leaving the tribe he was raised in is too high.
They have a proven capacity for denial.
He is simply an irrational person who has learned how to mimic logic for a paycheck.
Truth is something you can switch off when it becomes inconvenient for your childhood traditions.
To a purist, truth is not a buffet where you can pick evidence for your propulsion systems, and faith for your origin story.
The person values the comfort of a traditional identity over the uncomfortable reality
that his tradition either ignored, replaced with myths, or flat-out contradicted for centuries.
He usually views it with suspicion or outright hostility.
He was formally convicted of very serious charges that carried the death penalty, capital punishment.
The perceived threat to the political order, as sacrilege, mocking sacred rites and undermining accepted social practice.
The real situation was more nuanced.
That’s a plausible critique, but it needs some calibration.
He expected to be denounced by his own students.
So any claim about his personal fear is inference, not documented fact.
Channels to eat nutrients and poop waste.
It actually handicaps your own army, and the immune system.
Depending on how academic you want to sound.
He would organically fit right into the ranks of the sect.
All problems stem from this.
Spend time and energy on efforts that yield no results.
If evidence ever surfaced.
Low intelligence usually goes hand in hand with high self-confidence.
A bloated bureaucratic apparatus.
Live with a sense of guilt and shame.
The question has long puzzled scientists and doctors alike, and made them think hard about it.
I was left impressed by it.
A whole country that's gone mad, how to bring it back to its senses.
It could challenge everything we thought we knew about it.
We had to drop everything to deal with it.
Our heart's fondest hopes and desires.
It tricks the bacteria into destroying their own structural integrity, and exploits a microscopic design flaw.
It was habitual to refer to this in this manner.
Correct me if I get something wrong.
She put the country on oil and gas needle.
Verbal communication can hold a group together or drive a wedge among members, hindering the accomplishment of goals, creating separation, conflict, or division.
They relied entirely on context.
The conflict is treated as a settled issue rather than an ongoing debate.
The disbelief crept over him slowly.
We are essentially playing word games to avoid a socially stigmatized label.
He did not bother to specify this.
Now, it lays rather dormant.
The length you read off the ruler.
They gasped not just at the appearance, sighed.
So that people can see through the lies.
When it became known, there was a loud scandal.
Quick and dirty way.
So we inch toward a deal.
Therefore, answering "No" is factually and legally correct, so confidently do so.

Not as yet.
Get over it and get a life.
Who in their right mind would say such a thing?
Go sit in the corner.
Few can boast such performance, and to brag of such quantity.
It occurred to me, stop being a nag, you have a bad temper.
They can't bear the thought of the possible forfeit of their happiness, loss because of a mistake, rule, or penalty.
This topic animated everybody.
The message didn't get across, as he digressed into a story about his childhood, he temporarily left the main line of thought.
He divagated for several minutes, rambling or wandering without focus or aim.
To the chagrin of propagandists of all stripes, to their embarrassed disappointment.
The negotiations between the two countries began in earnest after years of tension.
It helps you notice when you’re getting tipsy, slightly drunk and talkative, and stop before overdoing it.
He has acknowledged receiving it.  
He has been slightly more coy, shy or modest in a flirtatious way.
It has sparked such a firestorm in international circles.
The "burden of action" is on them and we shouldn't be making overtures without their concessions.
Left free to go about his business.
An unexpected detail emerged regarding the so-called hearings.
The question caught me completely unawares, took me by surprise.
In any event, I didn't mean to pry.
By hook or by crook, achieving a goal by any means necessary, whether through honest or dishonest methods, fair or unfair.
Their reputation suffered irretrievable damage, beyond repair.
He chose an unconventional path in her career, an unusual and not an ordinary path.
People who make the biggest impacts are the one they go after.
Ensure the title is reflective of the content.
Cherry on top.
Ultimately, he grew frustrated with this approach.
Stop dwelling in the past and stop worrying about the future.
The question entails that the image offers a glimpse into the lives of historical figures.
If you don’t mind us speaking.
Well, someone appears to have fallen out of the ‘Stupid Tree’, bouncing off every branch on the way down.
An attempt by a left-leaning campus to control the narrative.
Take care of stray cats.
They had to slash their budget significantly after the unexpected expenses arose, to reduce the budget.
Earlier sources, some of which are no longer extant, albeit nothing of note.
Quit looking for free handouts, things given away for free.
Tend my sheep, look after or attend to them.
That’s true, as far as it goes, up to a point, to the extent that something is true, valid, effective, or useful, but no further.
The sun is at its strongest.
The difficulty levels are worlds apart, quite different.
It is like a set of Russian Nesting Dolls.
The screening used by clinicians to detect cognitive impairment or early dementia.
Deflating the protest and letting off steam.
I am struggling to find the right word.
He might finally relinquish his hold on the waterway - this is what he can't get.
But I hope you get a chance to find out.
Many witnesses attested to what happened,  and testified to it.
They braced for a potential crash.
A bold face lies.
He cares only about himself.
He thumbed his nose at the rules, he deliberately showed contempt for the rules, showed disrespect, mockery, or defiance.
His remarks are blunt and unabashedly hostile - shamelessly, brazenly, openly, and boldly.
He looked abashed as he realized his blunder.

It slipped my mind.
The liars pretend to suffer from memory blackout.
We judged it manageable.
It came from two different sources that reinforce each other.
You rephrased your question in a tricky way.
Religion alone usually does not meet this threshold.
That description captures the dependency, but not the full structure.
Sounds deep, but besides the issue.
Find solace in myths.
Let me unpack the main positions so you can see where the disagreement really sits.
They are held in a way that resists correction.
Divergence not because there are no minds at work.
There is no decisive method to settle disputes.
The less confidence we should have that it tracks truth.
Does it amount to an insult?
There’s no indication they are making such a claim.
It can slash the time in half.
Epistemology is the branch of philosophy focused on the nature, origin, scope, and limits of human knowledge – it investigates what it means to know something, how knowledge is acquired, and the criteria for justifying beliefs.
Not staging a legend, but enacting a known script with purpose, to signal a message.
It is problematic because we cannot directly assess intent with certainty.
It sounded great at the time.
Your earlier point connects here.
That’s why the boundary can look blurry at first glance.
It's barely two minutes long, and it's absolutely unmissable.
His attitude is nothing like the patient demeanor he usually displays.
We have had "growing pains" transitioning to it.
This is where things get interesting.
There have been different versions extant in his time.
He got the belt treatment for misbehaving.
The apparent discrepancy is to be solved anagogically,  by mystical interpretation.
Where it falls in the timeline.
The passengers were stranded, left in a helpless position, typically stuck in a place without transportation, money, or means to leave, trapped or abandoned.
He went off on me for being five minutes late, suddenly became very angry and attacked me verbally, by yelling, ranting, or complaining loudly.
He should stop catering to the Radical Left, to provide, satisfy, or attend to the specific needs, desires, or whims of a particular person or group - it’s hurting him very badly.
How can this guy look at himself in the mirror?
The funds are earmarked for building new classrooms next year, set aside, reserved or designated for a specific purpose.
These are the prerequisites of progressive government and the earmarks of ideal statehood.
Don't tell him to stay in his lane, on the short leash.
He just wants to bait people into liking him.
You can learn from this mistake of mine and not make your own.
It sounds about right.
Make no mistake - accountability is coming.
That company is a copycat of Apple, an imitation of it.
Nothing untoward, no untoward effects, without untoward consequences, inappropriate or undesirable.
Someone who achieves moral clarity through reason.
He tended to treat every cough as a childhood trauma.
No matter what you said, he could twist it to fit his narrative.
As if he discovered a different kind of "truth" that doesn't need to be proven.
A sorrowing sigh escaped her lips, revealing her inner turmoil.
Phlogiston was a now-discredited scientific idea.
To a degree this is arbitrary.
It does completely short-circuit the brains.
Meanwhile, bloggers tried to sort fact from fiction.
A synoptic overview of the theory, a general summary.
He will go to great lengths to pay a tribute to his master.
It sure feels as though the world is on fire, raising the odds that it is for long.

He later dismissed the rumours as ungrounded, and set out to write further messages, set about writing them.
It starts up, but, working unstable, quickly stalls at idle.
She sounded apologetic for being late, showing regret and remorse.
A huge portion of it is self-referential.
There is a logical fallacy called the Texas Sharpshooter.
Did I ask to scream at me?
We're trying to get the message out to the public.
We aren't psychologically wounded by that.
This feature is nowhere to be found., even by an unfathomable number.
Before I hand back the communication, I turn back to you.
It falls out of your statement, results and is deduced.
They planned staging an attempt.
Two isolated powers using each other to sharpen their swords.
Before the signal dissipates in noise.
The proposal has merit, the case has no merit, doesn't deserve consideration, the court's decision on the case's merit.
By some metrics, the festival attracted a multifold audience, ranging from families to art enthusiasts.
Not sure it holds across all claims.
Recognition means acknowledging who actually holds power, not endorsing how they got it, plus commercial incentives.
Lucretius, De rerum natura, the atoms that now make up you were once part of other beings and will later be part of others.
We are being led astray.
Your comment shouts ignorance, and screams incompetence.
It’s a crafted literary language, not casual talk.
A man of calibre, of great distinction and excellence.
Showing a greater fondness for their own opinions than for truth.
He was financially strained and his health declined.
Most of the answers seem spot-on, exactly right.
I will get on it later.
Nobody looked over there.
During his tenure as CEO, profits increased.
They have a gargantuan appetite.
He also promised to rid the world of evil.
It is due to clogged toilets, so your experience has proof.
His vanity, a strong desire to be admired or praised by others, also a broader sense of self-importance or concern with status, who seeks approval, admiration, or attention.
He waited for hours in vain, but his friend never showed up.
You are thinking along the right lines.
Your critique is valid: the evidence is not airtight, irrefutable.
They framed historical struggles in ideological terms, expressed in a particular manner.
History and identity matter a great deal.
Moral questions are secondary to security.
Their positions evolved over time.
The Aesopian language is a method of communication designed to bypass censorship.
The objectives are nearing completion.
The answer is a definite no.
The question is heavily loaded with the onesided interpretation.
What I heard is neither serious nor worthy of response.
I have noticed your behavior, and I find it beneath the comment.
You are posing as an independent journalist.
What I heard is neither serious nor worthy of response.
I have noticed your behavior, and I find it beneath the comment.
You are posing as an independent journalist.
The local communities had to bear the brunt, to endure the main force, worst part, or heaviest impact of something unpleasant, such as damage, criticism, or pain.
You are mixing up the timeline.

Different jobs that complement each other.
Yes, very much so, though with an important nuance.
I sense a trap here.
Our plan has already gone sideways.
It should be so, but it doesn't hurt to check.
No day passes by without them trying out new tricks.
That’s the gotcha, a hidden problem, difficulty or trap.
The news broke early this morning, although it was hidden before.
The discovery left them breathless: myths can conceal a kernel of truth.
It begins to take shape, he steps into the spotlight.
If there is anything a humble philologist can do.
He was unable to stand against this threat.
They come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are ferocious wolves.
By their fruit you will recognize them.
Flagging problems ahead of time.
He thought his instinct told him what ought to be done.
His behaviour certainly fits the pattern.
The reality proved quite different: the journey turned into a grueling ordeal.
Anyone hiding them and later found in possession of them could be executed.
We have failed for a very long time to realize that.
Silence came easily to a man trained to obey orders, a skill that one learns with little effort.
He has published scientific and political writings, but gained little recognition, except among the sans-culottes.
It comes with specific trade-offs.
No matter how hard I try.
After the fall of the regime, his prominence became a liability.
For his guile or cunning, deny him the fame he wanted, damnatio memoriae, which is the herostratic fame - seeking notoriety through outrageous or destructive acts.
They believed that living such a dangerous life entitled them to some perks.
Another lie - I've stopped counting.
Your media sources suck and you live in a bubble.
He said the quiet part out loud.
He was spinning in his grave.
The wait can span decades, in disgrace with these unhinged lunatics.
Don't wallow in the swamp of unkept promises.
Its fame, however, was also marred by tragedy.
It is unique because it offers a previously unseen glimpse into their rituals, which are still poorly documented today.
You’re remembering it wrong - that’s not how I remember it.
Who repaid kindness with crime and are selling inherited trust, by erratic behaviour which erodes trust.
The sudden policy swings are indefencible, nor by elastic interpretations.
While the intention is commendable, the execution lacks user-friendliness.
You may lead by example.
The point is that strategies based on unverified beliefs risk turning into ineffective, if not downright counterproductive, choices.
This case is a valuable reminder.
Humor aside, let’s look at the real issue here.
The author of this work takes into cognisance only the press articles.
Great men cast shadows.
The world forgot them because there was simply nothing there worth remembering.
But there are some nuances worth knowing.
Nice story but the facts need work.
Yes, this has been widely written about and discussed.
We were just talking past each other.
Following the scandal, she was forced to claw back (return) the funds she had embezzled.
A relic from old days.
They aimed to defy all odds, against all expectations, and save the day though.
I’m not sure if he did it on purpose or negligence, but I’ll give him the benefit of the doubt, I’ll assume he forgot unintentionally, inadvertently, that he is honest, correct, or innocent when the evidence is unclear or uncertain, instead of immediately judging them negatively.
The conflict spills beyond its borders.
For doubting pleases me no less than knowing (Dante).
L'esprit des lois, Montesquieu.
I feel compelled to remind you of the following.
Your inquiry is doubtless made in order to comply with the laws of your own country.
Teenage boys are notoriously bad at risk-assessment.

I will spare you the details, cause I lost my bearings, I feel disoriented.
He felt uncomfortable and chose to look away from the scene.
When he hesitated, I had to nudge him to make the leap.
He orders 3 shots of whiskey and downs them all.
But he is also mildly gnostic, which alone makes it unsuited.
An inducement and natural sweetener.
All government appointments were made in agreement with them as they believed that it was their fiefdom.
It's a slippery slope.
I don't have even a faint understanding of what it means, whatever the outcome.
A stunningly well-preserved trace of ancient stupidity.
The battle has taken a sudden twist.
It all started as a mishearing of the word.
Yank the plug.
The truth has finally come to light and it vindicates him.
His reaction is akin to panic.
The job was a death sentence, not a career.
The burden of proof for that statement does indeed lie with me, the one making the claim.
The reform is stalled and something else is worth trying.
Therefore the obligation to pay a fee should be voided.
We can't be under any illusion, and can't dwell on the past either.
We were ashamed to learn that our bribed colleague accepted kickbacks.
Burden-sharing to burden-shifting, and civilisational erasure.
Waking up to the facts.
To wean you from Windows, there are two that make a solid case for the task.
Let's scaffold the project.
For his relentless pandering to his viewers.
He panders to their every whim, he does exactly what a person or group wants.
What a time to be alive.
Stick around and let's relieve the pressure, the strain, and clear the doubts.
We love any excuse to throw a soiree.
This question is loaded with false assertions, intentionally or not.
I apparently look too old to be worth the time of the converters.
Patching broken theories.
He is bearing up well after the accident, he remains strong while dealing with the hardship.
I don't mind bragging.
His stonewalling comments indicated a reluctance to collaborate and to an obstruction.
Not too far off, it can all be done though.
She mocks him for his cowardice and sees through empty boasting.
It is readily available once you exceed the data cap.
A fatuous idea, complacently or inanely foolish.
The asset seizure automatically lapses and can be lifted, if you pursue diligently.
You won't believe your luck.
That's where happiness lies.
He tends to nurse a grudge against anyone who criticizes his work.
Does the comparison stand?
We will remain alert against attempts to stir up the fire of discord.
But it is definitely in the running for the gold medal.
To wit, in particular, the officials have rushed to smear him as a terrorist.
It was imposed by elites who hold ordinary people in contempt.
It is based on the calculations of a monk, who got several things wrong.
It’s one of those moments where history borders on dark comedy.
It survived against all odds.
The answer is much more down-to-earth than people expect.
Humans are hardwired to see patterns, even when none exist.
It's ok, I'm here for a free coffee.

Without much friction.
Before I answer the question, I have a question of my own.
Reagan: Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same.
Those who have never endured the relentless ringing of tinnitus can only dream of the torment.
A long-range agenda to exploit Antarctica’s untapped resources.
If aesthetics tops your list of needs.
The change has always generated discussion - both at the time and afterward.
The most common legal rationales in favor of the ruling.
The Supreme Court has declined to take up these cases for review, letting lower-court rulings stand.
That’s slick: abstraction can become semantic laundering.
It forces courts to justify themselves publicly.
If courts can redefine the plainest words at will, they can also rewrite reality under the guise of law.
A slippery slope from interpretation to arbitrariness, at the expense of minority groups or dissenting interpretations.
Any outcome can be blamed on the system, not on choice.
If exploitation can be asserted without objective criteria,
then any group can claim victimhood and entitlement.
Declare a group oppressed, redefine normal interaction as harm, legitimise expropriation “for justice”, silence dissent as immoral.
This is why envy-based moral systems recur historically.
Human psychology favors comparison and resentment.
Here is why the wait was worth it.

Important to note, he had no idea how to back up his claim.
Suffice it to recall that it was proven false.
If you like, I can look up 2-3 more.
We started to take notice that something was off.
Most likely due to an oversight.
All governments faced difficult and divisive hurdles in deciding on the languages of instruction.
I’m not trying to figure like an erudite, but this is an inviolable right, unalienable.
He figures like a martyr, poses like a victim.
This is doing a lot of heavy lifting in that question.
The word 'sample' is doing a lot of heavy lifting here.
Should that disqualify them?
He walks by and shouts at us.
It’s a half-hearted attempt, though.
The moment I laid eyes on it, it started to harvest attention.
The key to success lies in how the case was mounted.
That’s been around for years but doesn’t get the spotlight it deserves.
The arms race just thickened again, which for some is goodish news.
The concept you are likely referring to, which has led to this question, is the imminent threat of distruction under duress.
The frustration sets in, and the dumbest people are the loudest.
He lays bare the brutal facts.
I couldn't help but notice that it is without an end in sight.
No worries at all.
You are touching on something subtle about the case.
This is not shielding democracy, to sponsor your own influencers to spread your agenda.
Ostracize and excommunicate, broken country.
They'll just piss themselves laughing.
With excellent grades, he is bound for university, is heading towards the university.
We should lay off complaining and try to find solutions instead, stop doing it or bothering somebody.
It's not immediately clear why it is so.
Any book on this nagging problem more than five years old is out of date, unless it’s very general.
It almost always comes down to differences in the execution environment.
Accuse the other side of that which you are guilty of, Goebbels.
It's been ages since these gossips were spread.
Our disquiet grew as we listened to the unsettling news on the radio.
The proof consists of an insoluble dilemma which pits one theory against another.
due to concerns over data harvesting.
If she was found to have done so, she could be repudiated and even put to death.
Every communist is a professional swindler.
He dragged them out of their bubble and forced them to confront the brutal reality.
His vanity made him check the mirror every five minutes - which is also excessive pride or self-admiration, also futility, emptiness, or meaningless.
He gets defensive when asked about a personal message he sent to his brother.
I'll take your word for this, without requiring proof.
He has for long rejected it as being little different from surrender, roughly speaking.
A folie à plusieurs, which is shared madness among many.
It is kind of strong, though it is not clear what you mean by this.
Which will be a bit of a challenge for those new to the matter.
The engine roared to life immediately, kickstarted at once.
We had it coming, we have deserved something negative like punishment, criticism, or bad luck, because of their past actions or behavior.

It lies in shambles, ended in ruins, overtaken by nature.
But the name stuck.
Trying to avoid making a decision, she resorted to stalling tactics.
He is most likely lying about having much understanding.
The design patterns are the recurring structures.
The two dogs took to each other immediately and started to play, started to like each other.
The refugees took to the hills for safety, and people have taken to the streets.
Despite the acute problems that arise here and there from time to time.
It’s designed to pathologise and stigmatise any criticism.
The stupid dimwit has worked out that it has transformed warfare.
He and his minders, bodyguards.
Do you ever think about it – I bet you don't.
He always tunes in at such discussions, and starts to listen carefully.
I am firmly of the belief that the future will show that this whole hysteria over that case was a complete fabrication.
Violence is the corollary of injustice.
For long stretches of time, the commission was too slow to address the issues.
An unhinged person, mentally unstable and out of control, like a door being off its hinges.
I'd contend that the premise of the question is suspect.
Its regimental system is, in its own way, quite tribal.
It turned out tougher than expected and he failed to deliver the results he counted on.
He bought his diploma from an unaccredited diploma mill.
Then suddenly it occurred to me.
They could easily have hired but they didn't, I guess out of pride.
Pull out your guns.
For once, let's order pizza instead of cooking.
He framed the choice starkly, between order and chaos.
This is her presidency in a single photo.
Experts simply listed them as items of unknown purpose.
That phrasing is a misrepresentation of the reason.
We expect them to grant an exemption to the company.
It is a totalitarian ideology masquerading as a religion.
They were closing in, approaching, and drew near.
He tried to placate his boss by apologizing for the mistake.
It has no bearing on our lives whatsoever.
The feast during the plague.
To make matters worse, the same goes for the unrelated people.
So, any perceived similarity between them is entirely coincidental.
They had a clever way to deal with dissenters.
One thing worth pointing out is that it currently lacks a lot.
The confusion around it arises from people trying to force the theory to be something it’s not. 

I don't feign ignorance only to fit your agenda.
This is my hot take on it.
He started to pick up, as a real quick learner.
Here I must go sideways and explain that with more details.
The miracles are not amenable to scientific explanations.
Rare, but not unheard of.
That's settled. And on we go to the next item on the agenda.
He gave the most sumptuous banquet, luxurious, lavish, opulent.
As much as I would like to believe that fancy stuff, I would expect better answers.
They started ranting at me, but I couldn't read their minds.
He advertises himself as a fount of wisdom.
A self-fulfilling prophecy, when the expectations produce the event.
I have seen my own country change before my very eyes.
With all due respect there could hardly be a more wrongheaded question, based on obstinate refusal to accept a correct judgment.
Judges were locking people up, without making space for genuine criminals.
Just leave us out of it.
They are trying to dodge accountability by rewriting the rules.
Nor the former, nor the latter.
At best, he no longer exerts the authority over society that he once did.
What evidence is there to support this hypothesis?
This fixed idea is prevalent among the young population, and is statistically widespread.
Because the predictions that come out of the theory match all our observations.
Marginalia (or apostils) are marks made in the margins of a book or other document.
These questions are kinda disingenuous and borderline dishonest, since it uses the ambiguity of the terms.
They tried to create safeguards against that scenario, a shield of protection.
He stirred the pot back then with his inflammatory statement.
Was it worth a Nobel prize?
In my younger and more free-time-imbued days, I was tactless and inconsiderable.
These gadgets failed, for a variety of reasons, to live up to the hype.
That’s a residual relic of the previous case.
Unlike the others, when he calls the chairman, no one is picking up the phone.
The silence is deafening.
By such an approach to the problem  you are part of it.
Her fixation on that blinds her and damages her credibility, as she is overly confrontational.
I wish you would get this energetic when defending the victims, not the perpetrators.
This is a rite of passage.
Archaic words don't end to persist in stick phrases.
Well, that’s a rather loose figure of speech, but it comes closer to that image than anything else.
One might speak of the hypertrophy of bureaucracy, meaning the system has grown to an exaggerated or unwieldy size.
No stone will be left unturned and everyone involved, from top leaders to street members, will be held accountable.
The judge recused sua sponte, of its own accord, upon its own motion, voluntarily and unpromptedly.
She gave me a giant eye roll and explained that slop was AI-generated content.
Hitherto triumphant, a young man gets humbled after trying to throw hands with an older guy.
There are quite a few, truth be told, and I’ll limit myself to the most obvious ones.
No other rivals with it.
I remember the overwhelming complexity of the case, and feel a sense of resignation.
They were the only bargaining chips they had.
Stay in the loop, remain informed about important information and developments within a group or project.

Finally somebody's talking sense.
It is a complete non-issue.
I have ventured to send you the accompanying article for your perusal and opinion.
No end in sight for the crisis.
If you’re going to appeal to ancient mythology, at least get it right.
Again, I cannot stress it enough.
So long as you behave.
Pillage and plunder are the act of stripping the place of its possessions, often with accompanying violence.
You can loot a store without necessarily destroying it, simply by breaking in and taking goods.
The bandits stripped the travelers of all their money and goods.
There was a massive amount of mathematical work required, and it just took him that length of time to get it done.
Students often regurgitate facts during exams, repeat without understanding.
We are not bound by their Law.
He is conversant with the system, not necessarily expert, but knows the topic well enough to understand it and discuss it intelligently.
But that was just a handshake arrangement.
For weeks, negotiators have been hammering out the details.
It is too early to say what the outcome will be.
The meeting was a joyride.
I don't recall ever seeing him trying this.
They take fundamentally different approaches to achieving that goal.
An invention is flatly contradicted by other sources.
Hackers spoofed the email address to steal information.
This event has me rethinking the next step.
It has got me reconsidering a lot.
He reels after it takes effect, is staggering or swaying, often from dizziness or intoxication.
A pretend god, an imaginary one.
But the drive soon descended into confusion.
The whole enterprise would have sunk without trace.
He is spewing his predictable drivel (nonsense), a loyal pawn of globalist elites who never took the security concerns seriously.
He made this observation at the tender age of 4.
If we remove bias and focus on objective causes, I think we could pinpoint a few reasons.
It clearly doesn’t fit the mould.
There are grounds for optimism.
We must follow through on your promises to gain trust from your partners, to continue a plan until it is finished, with persistence and commitment and not stopping halfway.
Don't poke with the Russian bear.
He is clueless about the case.
This behaviour signals insecurity and anxiety.
The reports look off, appear somewhat strange, incorrect, inaccurate, or substandard.
The hopes that the war might spark a popular revolt proved wildly misplaced, inappropriate, ill-judged and ill-considered.
However it does present some challenges.
I have long been of the opinion that we must do it. 
Today, we are witnessing, before our eyes, the dissolution of states and institutions.
He berates her and makes crass jokes, vulgar jokes.

We won the match fair and square, in an honest way and without any doubt.
You cling to your illusions and call them faith.
Still convinced they can stay above the fray.
We claim to care about it only when it costs nothing.
I just believe in one less god.
It is ideologically charged, loaded.
The attempt falls flat, and is unsuccessful.
They are living in an alternate reality.
It pairs brilliantly with the task.
It is time to take a stand, adopt a firm position.
When others stayed silent he stood tall.
I am glad that somebody finally bothered to ask instead of assuming and presuming.
The room fell silent when he revealed the facts.
After years of disuse, the old bike finally rusted beyond repair.
Someone might be triggered by a comment, a joke, a sound, or an image.
We know it inside out, we know it extremely well.
He deserves pity, not serious analysis.
We will continue to talk to them over the next few days with the goal of signing a trade deal.
He didn't flinch and walked into the fray; he didn't have an instinctive reaction to fear, pain, or surprise.
Even after he tried to posture himself as superior.
We can lose focus on what matters and tender (offer) irrelevant topics for discussion.
It weighs on my conscience.
There are several tried and true methods to ease your discomfort.
The ‘green revolution’ in agriculture is a good case in point, a pertinent example that illustrates what is being discussed.
It is snappier and even adds a bit of charm.
I’m tired of being pestered.
An unutterable tragedy, inexpressible, beyond the powers of description.
No wiggle room, narrow room to manoeuvre.
He cued the band to begin, gave a signal.
Anxiety cues and racing thoughts.
Lean into it, fully engage with it or actively pursue it.
Yet the authorities look away, turn a blind eye.

It was bound to happen sooner or later.
Don't rush to conclusions.
A strawman argument is a logical fallacy where someone misrepresents another person’s position to make it easier to attack or refute.
This aims to balance the scales between employees and management.
They are trying to shame them into falling in line, to compel them to conform to certain behaviours.
I’m grateful to you for initiating a discussion on these topics.
I credit him with this extraordinary achievement.
A deep-rooted, insidious, and damn near impossible to cope without getting called a bigot.
These people were sold a lie about all this.
There's a good chance you are lying about this happening.
The government intentionally tried and mostly succeeded in destroying all the vestiges of this culture.
I overheard a hypothesis, which doesn't pass a scientific test.
You have been fed propaganda nonsense about it.
They consider it too elitist, and not entirely without reason.
Very few bother to learn.
But now the numbers have flipped.
We've been through all this.
He is set to benefit from the new arrivals.
They saw to it.
The others are doing science a disservice.
It can come about only through natural processes.
It entitles the holder of the title to sit and vote in the House.
He lies right to your face.
He has escaped and is in hiding.
It's just acknowledging the futility of combating stubborn stupidity.
He got their attention by offering money.
Our interest lies in staying out of all this.
The Court's factual findings lay bare how this was perpetrated, revealing the details.
She laid claim to half of his fortune, asserted ownership over it.
Without making a single mistake.
It saved me from heading down the wrong path.
Your question is based on two misapprehensions on your part. Let me help you see the light.
A nation can survive its fools, though they rot the nation's soul.
In terms of the environment, it makes absolutely no difference whatsoever.
Make certain it will happen, ensure it will.
It gets itself into a bit of a muddle over who the disciples are.
That itself suffers from the problem of contradictory accounts, however queer it sounds.

Are we embarrassed? – not in the least – we find it slightly amusing, but it remains to be seen.
Do you support or denounce these actions?
They were quick to counter such arguments and moved to dismiss the charges.
What do we gain from it?
So much incorrectness crammed into so few words.
I have broken my own rule.
In legal terms, a recital is a preliminary statement at the beginning of a legal document, like a contract or agreement, that explains the background, purpose, or context of the agreement.
This small company turned the tables on its large competitors.
The claim holds some weight but remains inconclusive without further evidence.
He has decided to escalate and is willing to raise the stakes.
Everyone condemns it to immediate failure.
Now history comes full circle - let them fight their own wars.
Some media call it "fireworks," but this doesn't discredit the event.
We will not stand idly by.
Do not let them lull you into a sense of security.
Both of us headed to the nearby offices.
In a plutocratic system, the rich hold the political power, either directly (by being in office) or indirectly (by influencing political decisions through their money, lobbying, and donations).
He is spot on with his comments, accurately right, without redundancy.
He was noncommittal, vague and evasive, avoiding giving a clear answer,  not committing to a view or opinion.
Look past the rhetoric. Intersected with those who fetishise the schoolyard bullies as strongmen.
In reality, this is always how prophecies get fulfilled.
It beggars belief that..., it is so unbelievable that it defies comprehension; incredibly difficult to believe, beyond what I can imagine or accept as true.
Three languages enjoyed wide currency among imperial elites.
Interesting question - it sent me googling.
He is unlikely to improve on the knowledge we already have.
A historical reenactment, reconstruction.
No one can feign ignorance of the law.
And don't feign modesty, don't make a deceptive action to mislead, don't pretend to have a feeling or condition.
I can tailor the draft to match your design goal.
It lacks the means to capitalise on the achievement.
The article does not inspire confidence.
I just made that remark to allay any conspiracy theories, and most tellingly, insinuations.
Who seek to sow discord among peoples and countries.
Same script, but we refuse to dance to their tune.
Give those guys an Oscar.
This company is setting the pace.
The city became a hellscape.
Keeping inflation in check.
That’s a deeper question than it looks at first.
He is so many heads above them.
There’s an old story, almost certainly apocryphal.
They have come to take themselves too seriously.
The company fell afoul of new regulations and faced heavy fines, got into trouble with or violated a rule, law, person, or system.

Tomorrow works well.
Use it sparingly, a small amount of it, without wasting or overusing it.
There were no such tasks set.
They are profiting off of our gullibility.
We’ll hand him a draft deal outlining all terms, which we are wrapping up now.
So there you have it: not only is the premise of the question not true, it's not true for any of the cases.
Underage drinking is banned.
Let's delay it to allow more time for negotiation.
Before asking why, you should wonder if.
For this country, it is almost unheard-of.
History gets rewritten all the time.
Then they are able to go about their usual business, continue to deal or mind their business.
The protests sprang up in the streets.
To hold fast to this principle, stick or cling to the beliefs and values.
Before becoming a laughing stock, a ridiculed and mocked character.
I thought about it, though I didn't say anything.
He was worth more than a billion.
But we’ll ignore that for the sake of simplicity.
What are they seeing that the rest of the world seems to be missing?
A brain drain, the emigration of highly trained or qualified people from a particular country.
I also want to take the opportunity to debunk some blatantly false claims that have been circulating in the press.
Beneath its banners of peace and progress lies a machinery of quiet domination.
In case you receive a note that you disagree with, with a compulsory enforcement, and which is impactful on your personal life, you must challenge it in court.
I don't sugarcoat the facts, don't embellish them.
The company was riven by disagreements and internal disputes, torn, split or violently divided.
They sought to water down the language of the draft resolution being circulated, ultimately delaying its adoption by a month or so.
Despite there being no evidence of his guilt, he was ordered to die.
They won't give us the heads-up, brief warning or notice given ahead of time to help us prepare.
It is one more way of creating more adversarial elements to keep the plot line engaging for its audiences.
It would freeze the blood in your veins.
In lay-speak, that means that it is readily available.
A better way to phrase it.
He picked up the scent of a deal.
But then I got to thinking, why bother, so, I’ll just address your points, in no particular order.
It is a showcase how detrimental it can be to the economy.
As to the second part, I take it to mean the following: hybrid descendants.
The answer is a cautious yes, with caveats.
Feynman did not believe in “half baked” answers that don’t really tell the right story.
Just in case you missed it.
None of them could be found to back up his story.
They got it wrong.
It leaves me pondering why.
Worse is to come.
It may only be by an accident of history that it is preserved.
I just wanted to come by and apologise.
Now having pointed out these falsehoods you’re spreading, let’s address the elephant in the room.
Not by a longshot, definitely not, by no means.
He turned in Galileo to the inquisition.
It raises easily refuted points.
None the wiser, he said “What is England?”
We got the report improved, i.e. somebody improved it.
There is a clear distinction between the two.
I am not bound by this highly mythologized concept, restricted, obligated or controlled.

You needed to sort yourself out.
He finally paid his due for all the harm he caused, he got the punishment he deserved.
Nothing remained, save a single coin, except this coin.
A handful of sycophants used that smear.
We have edged to the brink more than once since then.
As tensions have sharpened again, they have warned of potentially dire consequences if the two sides fail to de-escalate.
I see no benefit to that.
From which the biblical Genesis was largely plagiarized.
The apparent consistency ceased to be a sign of reliability - in fact, quite the reverse.
Let's draw up a list of such items.
It all goes well for them.
I read the instructions three times, but I’m still none the wiser.
The authors expressed their ignorance in many other ways.
We can stand tall on our own.
You have no intention of doing a thing.
Oddly enough, the only people who claim that are from his entourage.
Neither of these is a good reason to make the blanket statement that using these texts is poor design, according to the academic consensus.
They believe they have an ancestral right to that land.
The evidence shows it to be true.
And worst of all, you're totally full of yourself.
Rights we once took for granted.
People who would not have known how to speak Greek, much less read and write it like seasoned pros.
The two lie-filled virgin birth narratives cannot be reconciled.
He pitched his startup idea to investors, promoted in a persuasive way.
His outrages spanned more than a decade.
We are ready to move past old mistakes.
That surprising fact does not prove that it did not exist, but does bolster the case against its historicity.
It is accurate enough to say that.
The fact doesn't check out.
The headlines read like a spoof, a parody.
Then, critically evaluate whether his argument holds up under scrutiny.
This ploy has always worked for them until now.
This is another ploy cooked up by the opponents.
I poked my head around the door to see what was going on.
I just need a quick peek at the mechanic reports, a sneak view.
It can help hedge against inflation.
A risk-averse business culture, rather a lacklustre selection, with no end in sight.
I read all this through the eyes of a small business.
There will be no leniency or delay in this matter, not merciful or tolerant.

And as per usual, we start all over again.
Generally agree, one addition, though.
It appears to have put things off balance merely for the love of it.
He is a staunch ideologue prone to outrageous and exaggerated statements in order to get attention for his cause.
Despite those conflicting sources, the date when the event occurred is without question.
The contradiction or confusion lies in the comparison of secular and Biblical sources.
Don't worry - so does almost everyone, including us.
He pours cold water on the celebration.
Things will turn out well.
They screwed up badly, ignorant and impolite.
We took note of it and put the decision on hold for a month.
To tank the economy, to lose intentionally, give up in competition.
Because we share the belief that there has to be something better than hurling insults.
No joke, it gets crazier the further you read.
Your education system has totally failed you.
We are in awe to hear that, respect and revere that.
He feels a strong lure to micromanage the superiors' decisions.
It is the apple of my eyes, what I cherish above all.
The community cannot stop patting themselves on the back for being lords of the known universe, praise themselves or feel proud of sometimes genuinely or a bit boastfully.
They are ancestral to modern political species, predecessors.
I don't think that is germane, relevant, opportune, timely, or appropriate.
It isn't actually so, but I get the point.
He has helped them roll out a new system across all regions, launch or introduce gradually, as opposed to phase out.
The negotiations on the deal stalled.
He ignored their blandishments and flattering statements and stuck to his decision.
How do you square that? How do you make sense of that? How do you reconcile those two conflicting things?
We got so accustomed to them we didn't take much notice.
But the most interesting part is yet to come.
This is grossly incorrect.
Enhancements from that version onwards.
The imposed sanctions may be subject to gradual easing and subject to resumption in the event of a breach of the peace agreement – a snapback, sudden return to a previous condition or situation.
What does your gut tell you?
Nothing will make me believe that it can be shown to exist today.
Before he repented, he left traces.
The historic wounds are still hurting.
The worms wiggle their way into the soil, they weasel into it.
He was reluctant to accept he could be in the wrong.
He eliminated the guardrails.
The two are, to a great degree, intertwined.
Let's not kid ourselves.
Immature and have to be protected from themselves.
They have a mealy-mouthed answer, overly delicate, not straightforward.
He often altered the sense of the original in order to make his own point.
The process of finding buyers could drag on for months.
They found that polygamy was frowned upon and even illegal, disapproved of.
You can do it, but why would you want to?
It bears an unmistakable mark of datedness.
But this path is fraught (likely to result in something undesirable) and uncertain.
I might go out on a limb (go to extremes and be criticised by others) here but I'd say the evidence for that is stronger.
You manage to get so many flawed premises into one question.
It is quite daring.
To argue the respective merits of their religion.
That can run you into a brick wall.
Off the hook! Out of bounds!
A kind of vomit inducing sycophancy.
It is fast becoming the equivalent of integration.
I have to eat my words, retract what I have said.
The original solution was admittedly quick and dirty, produced or done quickly and therefore not perfect.
The task was, admittedly, more difficult than we initially anticipated.
He adopted a behavior that pushes boundaries, naughty and daring.

He condescended to help, but made it clear he found it beneath him, and didn't even deign to respond. I guess I'll lower myself to do this.
They really outdid themselves this time.
They must take pride in it.
If you accept, just tick the box.
These names were edited out of the report.
There is no easily digestible answer to this question.
I dare say, it looks better than it is.
In retort to his sarcastic comment, he rolled her eyes and walked away, in a defensive or retaliatory manner.
The narrative lends itself to the whole story, suits naturally.
They fell short to impress us, it wasn't enough for that.
This is why one should go to school in the first place.
He is giving himself to praise, seeking out compliments and admiration, which shows a tendency of self-aggrandizement and need for external validation.
The war at a stalemate.
Yet with peril came opportunity.
He made a flurry of moves to stay the course, at least for the moment, and shore up his project.
And to breathe new life into the machine.
I wish you all success, courage and resolve.
But that is the trivial part.
This is not an April fools.
Watch their hypocrisy at its ugliest.
When we need them to stand up they are practising bowing before their cult leader.
We'll be prepared for all eventualities and will rule nothing out.
Hither and thither, in various directions, especially in a disorganized way.
A complete unabridged report.
In the middle of the second act the play shifts gears from comedy to tragedy, changing the course of action in an abrupt, dramatic, or unexpected manner.
A rumour grew up that the level of crimes had suddenly shot up - but it hadn’t.
Today I am proud to deliver on my promise.
He is just stalling for time, delaying taking action, putting off, buying time.
Reform has stalled amid profound political paralysis.
Here's the scoop on upcoming projects, the first information.
I received a phone call that went something like this.
They have no courage, even if they dare not say so.
This fact portends ill, is a sign or warning that something, especially something momentous or calamitous, is likely to happen, bodes ill.
Some shredded reams of documents pertaining to corruption cases, some sheets of papers.
Obviously, to make you wonder and suffer.
When it comes to the biggest mistake a company has made, the award goes to Yahoo.
Hurts my soul.
Using it as an argument is childish at best.

We are set to play our role.
Let me digress briefly to explain this and get to your question at last.
Reward for your toil.
It would require some knowledge of macroeconomics, which he lacks altogether.
Because they barely exist.
And not all is plain sailing in this question as well, easy-peasy.
A wanton act,  deliberately malicious or cruel, unprovoked, unrestrained, with disregard for what is right or proper, without justification, based on personal whim.
We efficiently cater to the diverse needs of customers across the world, satisfy or service the needs.
They made bizarre things up to suit their agenda.
When he tried to predict the future, he failed miserably.
It's a contradicting statement, not a typo.
These kinds of questions pop up regularly.
He has worn out their welcome, made themselves not welcome, remained a guest for too long to the point where the host no longer wishes one to stay.
Not sure where such questions come from.
They welcomed us with enthusiasm that bordered on toadying, sycophantic behaviour.
Will he stay by his words?
Coffee for the boss, you toadying creep.
As one of the authors, two points occur to me.
He knew what he was doing and prodded them into reacting, poked with a finger and encouraged them to take action.
In the presence of this enormous reservoir of intellectual strength, my tongue refused to do its service.
It is designed to offload resource-intensive tasks.
This subject is off the table.
On the brink of collapse.
Astounding beyond belief.
As far as the risk of injury goes, it is safe.
He is on the cusp of a change in my career, in the point of transition between two different states.
I am not a sleazy, sloppy politician trying to offer a non-answer.
If we don’t wise up and sober up, we'll have to face the consequences.
But here is the thing. Far from insurmountable, this problem has many solutions. True, they are not trivial.
The cost of inaction.
He didn’t check with me, and is a desperate attempt to make something out of nothing.
You can't go wrong with it in this case.
We'd be worse off for it.
They showered him with compliments.
I am reminded of a man I once treated as though he were intelligent.
If you're not at the table, you're on the menu.
Judging by the successes they showed in their activity.
He threatens, abuses and blusters, talks in indignant vein, appointing himself as an additional proponent, has no qualms about lying if he thinks that he is doing so for the greater cause.
Many people, including myself, stepped into the newbie trap.

His recklessness landed him in trouble.
He'll land up in hospital if he carries on drinking like that.
The disease has a poor prognosis and almost does not lend itself to drug therapy, is not suitable for that purpose.
He did it out of spite. He did it to spite us, to tease us.
The expertise lent credibility to the project, or offered credibility.
For kicks, for fun; just for entertainment; for no good reason.
I can't make out that house in the distance, discern, perceive, comprehend.
Don't take offence, but we're done here.
A nuisance for others.
Not to minimize his contribution, but our chit-chat is vacuous, devoid of content, lacking purpose, meaning, or intelligence.
People were calling him out for his negative comments, drew critical attention to his unacceptable actions or behaviour.
Insightfully? I think you misspelled “fictionally.”
This is the moment in which we are at our most vulnerable.
It would be great if he had mentioned the authors, to say the least.
This form of language endows “space” with some tangible reality that it doesn’t have.
A puerile speech.
"The Hound of the Baskervilles" by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "What was it, Barrymore?”.
I think you have it all wrong.
In a moment of bliss.
The Occam’s Razor principle comes into play here.
Saying otherwise would be xenophobic, and how do you know that?
He has traded rhetorical blows with his critics.
A serial liar, who habitually and repeatedly lies, without guilt or hesitation.
Today marks a grim milestone.
He tries to shame everybody. It shames me.
We will not be cowed, intimidated, frightened into doing something, using threats or violence.
Your first given, upon which your question lies, is where we need to start.
While we're on the subject, I've always been puzzled as to why they operated in this manner.
The president waffled, equivocated, weaseled, avoided giving a clear answer.
He attempted to weasel out of paying his share of the dinner bill.
He managed to wiggle out of any situation.
Politely disagree.
With him in the room interrupting and egging things on, inciting, it quickly devolved into a total breakdown.
All excuses aside, he bears a grudge for ones, while he retains a baffling admiration for the others.
They had to respond and respond they did.
He has tried numerous times to broker peace.
It's a total and unmitigated disaster for them.
It is hard to not notice that basically they branched out from the same ancestral origin.
Fingerprints all over it.
This does beg the question: what did you get done last week?
Now he is welching on his pledge, avoids doing what he promised.

Some changes of note.
It is definitely worth a try.
He denies having any role in this.
Don't fall for their scams.
Native speakers pick up on it in an instant, notice and react to it, become aware or cognizant of it.
It has come to my knowledge that you're considering a career change.
He knew the state would press as hard as possible to have him extradited.
If you think so, think again.
Let’s start by getting something straight.
You happened to be right all along.
A vague and poorly defined term.
He began the downfall of the country.
I had to read the letter twice before I could take it all in.
It is not an enemy, it is more of a partner, but still under radar.
If memory serves, it's widely acknowledged that they are both similar and different.
But the big journals' reputations are only partly warranted, justified.
Unwarranted is lacking justification.
And the sooner you lose that misconception, the better off you’ll be.
His smug rants about politics quickly turned friends into silent listeners.
He was convicted of the very same crime but was spared jail time.
He was caught red handed.
In the absence of a better name, we can choose to do so.
This demolishes that idea, which in  turn demolishes your proposal.
They had to rein in their laughter, contain the laughter.
He won’t give blank checks anymore to foreign governments.
In classical Greek tragedy, hubris was often a fatal shortcoming that brought about the fall of the tragic hero.
Something to keep in the back of your mind.
It has gone out of vogue because its predictions have failed to come true.
To pass the torch to the next generation.
Let their fantasies go wild, and not in a positive way.
Public ownership of the means of production.
Did I lose you somewhere?
The hustle and bustle of the market, the fuss.
This comes after years of hefty spending on some expensive projects.
Dismantling it in full view of the public.
His carping about the project annoyed everyone in the meeting, complaining from the sideline.
Like a rooster with an itch.
The realm beyond our reach, and grasp.
They look away when asked about the theft.
The hounding of our armed forces for doing their job is nothing short of shameful.
It is an urban legend, and rumors were rife.
Without getting lost in details.
My two pence worth, and an attempt to set some myths straight.
He made me laugh out loud.
What have we come to?
Are we awake or asleep?
Follow the evidence wherever it leads.
All your points are plain wrong.
But none of them had a mind as quick and acute as him.

How do I save myself the trouble of having to write it? First, let's clear something up.
Whatever this hapless soul might be.
Clever enough to smack dullards around with his artful verbosity. It's saddening.
The problem already manifests, somewhat.
Well, it seems the only thing you get is feeling cool.
It's pursued for its sheer simplicity and elegance, and for the intellectual challenge it presents.
There is actually a disciplined way to address this question.
We are not off to a good start.
They are all on course to lose power in the coming months.
It has been tested as seldom before.
He unwittingly mixed up the dates.
In multiple aspects, people would simply grow out of religion naturally.
The numbers are flawed, so we are clear here.
They are dissimilar in terms of language they use.
You know what lies ahead of you now.
To wit, namely, more precisely, videlicet, scilicet.
Soon we'll go on our merry way, we'll leave the place.
Make an informed choice about whether to accept the option or not.
Shrouded in myths.
I have a mind to take the train. I have half a mind to do it, I'm somewhat inclined.
It is out-of-touch with the current situation.
As we try to chart a path forward.
Reaction and its fallout, repercussions, consequences, aftereffect.
Emotional entanglement and being led by the nose.
Finally, they proved victorious.
Use it at your own risk.
As the expression goes, the fish does not notice the water.
It creeps me out, makes me feel afraid, uncomfortable or disgusted.
Straight down to business.
We cannot stress strongly enough the fact that everything must be done properly.
It is a long way down the line, in the future or throughout.
Go ahead and rip up the papers, destroy by tearing it into pieces.
We stand to gain or lose a lot.
We missed the mark.
There is - so I am told - a few of it here and there.
It is a fad at the moment.
The country continues to miss its target, especially when they are crammed together, for different reasons.
We'd rather wait out, do nothing until something happens.
Don't miss out on the fantastic bargains, fail to use an opportunity or get an advantage of something.

I'm short of arguments.
Why didn't you tell me right away?
I would never have dared to doubt it.
Undaunted soldier, unfit for service, in a situation fraught with danger.
Everyone can go completely off the rails.
Then general laughter broke out.
It has all the hallmarks of mythology.
A peek into its future, a quick glimpse into the future.
Such a tight grip of power.
It's bilge, untrue or silly.
Don't die before trying it.
Your move is seen as a tactic to achieve that purpose.
It’s just a matter of pinning down where and when.
It can however degrade the overall performance.
Were are not certain, in which case any purported consequences are moot.
Unfortunately, many victims could not muster enough courage to come forward.
Please step back and think about what you’re really asking.
Don't start jumping into conclusions before we know what is going on.
There were no accusations of criminal conduct made against them.
Go figure!
He knew how to use it to his advantage.
That's what readily comes to mind.
I'll call you when I get close.
It deeply unsettles me.
We have some explaining to do.
Blackmail doesn't suit you.
Don't let this demagoguery take away your common sense.
I can neither confirm nor deny.
Actually, as a point of principle.
I acted to protect it.
Do you happen to know that, by any chance?
That was not nice and easy.
They are well-meaning people.
In a short while they turned really rich.
It provides a glimpse into the matter, although there are always issues that pop up.
We use this word to sound posh.
Give him the nod, give him approval or permission.

Nowhere else would you see use of this technology yet.
For one, he was illiterate until adulthood.
This is a purposeful misdirection, misleading toward a wrong lead, making people pay attention to the wrong thing, usually intentionally so that they will not notice something else.
But first, let's unpack the question a bit.
I'm trying to wean myself off fatty food generally, making myself gradually stop using something that is bad for me.
And just so that you know, in broad brushstrokes, it never happened.
People who are not in the habit of making fine distinctions.
What are your thoughts on this?
Voila, it’s that simple.
It doesn't cast you in a good light.
It is nitpicking, the finding or pointing out of minor faults in a fussy or pedantic way.
He is known for his nitpicking comments on every little detail.
It was our oversight of not making it clear, a mistake made because of a failure to notice something.
I see what you mean, but I submit that this text is more precise.
This question still puzzles us.
There is no supportable way to interpret that passage to mean a "divine barrier".
We don't see it that way.
What else? That was pretty much it.
A subpar performance, below a usual or normal level or standard.
This map cannot possibly depict what the poster claims, for multiple reasons.
The malignity of his intentions.
You need to catch it before the cold weather sets in.
You're getting ready to head off for a vacation in paradise, to set off for this destination.
They are now cutting interest rates to head off a growth slowdown, to take action before it is expected to happen in order to prevent it from happening.
A puddle of tears.
Being impolite to elders is frowned upon in many societies, is disapproved.
Bad timing.
We keep him in high regard.
Evidence of such things existing in the first place.
The authors of the report were prone to wild exaggeration.
Such myths are constructed and passed down to future generations, without ever being seriously questioned.
One day he plucked up the courage to ask, became brave enough to do it.
He has occasionally sent mixed and cryptic messages.
There is no record of him disputing this fact.
Let me be unequivocally clear.
The differences far outweigh the similarities. But that’s where the similarities end.
The answer is reasonably simple, but subtle.
You said a mouthful, uttered something important or meaningful.
Ask him one day passing him in the hallway.

Someone brazen enough to pull a heist in a room full of agents, pull off a robbery.
The government knows about it but keeps it under wraps from the general public.
The new apprentice learned a lot, the pupil.
Now, I really need to get going.
I did it on purpose.
It is now newly available and growing in usage.
I'll take evidence over rumours, and evidence takes precedence over rumours.
Try to lessen his suffering.
As the crisis heats up and it strains the bounds of credulity.
When the case went to trial, he reluctantly agreed to bear witness against his neighbor, called to testify, give evidence in a court of law.
This is a whimsical conjecture, nothing more.
One immediate problem this idea runs into is the lack of consistency.
At no time in my life did he ask me.
At no point in time did I intentionally or deliberately want to cause any harm.
Given the amount of attention he bothered to focus on this subject.
They knowingly misled the court.
A fast-paced environment, moving very quickly.
The unbecoming language, and inappropriate outfit for the event raised many eyebrows.
For this to work, we must do something.
His rhetoric grows more extreme.
After that, questions are being raised about its further policies.
For no apparent reason, they named us friends.

It lags far behind the best foreign analogs, and we have to scale down our ambitions.
Yet public awareness is low.
What did I get out of it?
It reveals the dormant bugs of the system.
It revolves around several aspects.
I'm glad they don't have that stuff shoved down their throats these days.
I feel the urge to comment on this, have a strong wish to do so.
Let's send for a doctor and pass him the information to back up the story.
To redefine the problem to suit our own solutions.
They are not exceptions, but aren't quite the norm either.
Before we laugh it off, present the unpleasant as unimportant.
After the conference you also get a freebie, a gift from the company.
I need to call in a favour from an old colleague.
They were warned about interference ahead of the elections.
Just so we can say we tried.
They probably believed it was accurate, however, wishing don’t make it so.
The adviser could weigh in on a plan, add advices or comments.
It is called that as part of the global conspiracy to keep it confusing.
I've seen it many a time in the past, many times, frequently.
They have next to connection whatsoever.
Bask in the glory ensuing.
Your behaviour is out of line, beyond what is reasonable or allowable, not right or appropriate.
The somewhat abrasive wording of the question is disturbing.
With no end in sight.
It was a nice turn of phrase, a way of saying or describing something.
Do not play the victim nor point fingers at the others.
It shows great promise.
Brutality, in the service of winning, was no vice.
A ghostwriter is a person hired to write speeches that are putatively credited to another person as the author.
The putative leader, putative father, commonly alleged to exist.

The ability to sift through the big data and filter the valuable ones.
Probably not that much of a surprise.
Who would've thought.
The case has intensified a long-simmering debate about free speech.
Unless my memory fails me, unless my eyes fail me.
To blame him for the world’s ills.
That’s rich (absurd or ridiculous). And yet sitting on the fence. Nope, not buying it. I need more evidence before I make up my mind.
At current rates of spending, we are in the fast lane to bankruptcy.
He is cosplaying as a judge, the hobby of dressing as and pretending to be a character from a film or comic book.
I find it hard to believe but they brush off this version, dismiss it in an abrupt manner.
You are now ready to pick fights with everyone.
To save the fanatics the embarrassment of presenting false arguments.
It will always increase over time, but have another go.
Looks like I am a little late to the party.
He claimed it with a straight face.
But the report was short on details about finding a source for the investment required to reverse the economic decline.
They seemed determined to goad us into a fight, to make us react by continuously annoying us.
How he could remain within sight of being promoted, and not being within our grasp.
He faced the disaster with unflagging (unrelenting) courage and never sought refuge in illusions.
Let's untangle this mess of misunderstanding of an ignorant.
The most entangled, and by a large lead.
A false teachings that crept into church during its infant stage.
Very nice write up, informative and to the point.

To fence off the house with a wall.
It differs markedly from his own account.
I have to root for my team.
They have the gall to question my statement, have the nerve, is a brazen boldness with brash and insolent self-confidence.
He often prioritises personal rapport with his staff and is expected to place considerable stock in the in-person meetings, has confidence or faith in such meetings.
This is why it was made up so frivolously and accepted all throughout its history.
It has an underlying philosophy.
Opinions which sharply conflict with my views.
To provide a sanitised and harmonised version of the early years.
Such a shameless liar.
To have reasons to prosecute war.
It spiralled into a conundrum, the situation quickly got worse.
Can we have some sanity back?
It was the final nail in the coffin.
The policies were not all that thought out.
No one piece of evidence states that, in straightforward and unambiguous language.
You can start much smaller. No one eats an elephant in one dinner.
Speak to fill the void.
Drink water straight from the tap.
We are set to pull the plug on the project.
He declined to comment on the report.
Sam Harris: "Religion gives people bad reasons for acting morally, where good reasons are actually available.”
We are fortunate to have this letter, because it is from it that we learn most about the details.
It's up for debates.
An ill concealed laughter.
Be served by obsequious waiters, servile, sycophantic, excessively obedient and overly attentive.
Obsessed to satiate its lust for sensationalism.
If the rabble continues to occupy itself with you, then simply don't read that hogwash, but rather leave it to the reptile for whom it has been fabricated.
He had imposed on them a moderate tribute, suitable to their limited resources.
“Unwritten” isn’t quite the way to describe it.
They are trying to stoke hatred, contempt and resentment.
When you knowingly call it so, in full awareness or consciousness, deliberately, as possessing secret knowledge.
Only the locals are entitled to badmouth their country, speak ill of others.
Opportunities like this don't come along every day.
None of this makes sense.

Whenever the circumstances so require.
The person so designated or appointed.
If the court considers that exceptional circumstances so justify.
When adopting such a judgment, the court will have due regard to the sensitive nature of the documents so considered.
If it so decides of its own motion, on its own initiative.
They may raise their claim in so far as its character and the circumstances permit.
The court may at any time examine an adjourned application where the interests of the proper administration of justice so require.
If the presiding judge so directs, the clerk must provide the verbatim record of the hearing.
It shall so declare in a reasoned decision.
If the judge so desires, he may attach an advisory opinion or a separate opinion either concurring with or dissenting from the reasoned decision, or barely statement of dissent.
Failure to do so may lead to the case being struck out of the court's rolls.
Once it has become final.
Once a request for interim measures has been submitted.
Once the time-limit has elapsed, it cannot be extended, as set out in the rules.
Conditions laid down in the next paragraph.
They should be mindful at all times of their duty to act with requisite integrity and dignity, necessary and required.
Persons associated with pending cases.
In the exercise of their functions, they must keep themselves free of undue influence of any kind.
This affects adversely the public confidence in the institution.
To perform their duties in a diligent and respectful manner.
They may not engage in any additional activity except insofar as this is compatible with the prestige of their job.
The dysfunction that has given rise to similar complaints.
I can't call his name to mind, remember, recall.
We are reaching out to tell you about some changes.
Unless mentioned above, these changes will fully take effect on August 26th.
When it waved its final goodbye.
Little we know about it, which means we are left to speculate about it.
It is important to lay out some historical context before we address the points.
Let me lay out some important points, make it explicit.
The dispute we are set to answer is the following.

Now onto the fun part.
I bet he's thinking otherwise.
This is the final straw.
Once we get up to this point.
Where do you think the race stands now?
Drop out of the race after weeks of political tumult, disarray, agitation.
By a quirk, the words happen to resemble each other.
It didn't fall by the wayside, and remained the mainstream.
However, its a bit more complicated than that, so let’s back up a bit.
They wanted to, but he kept them from doing so.
Let me ask you another question to show how dump yours is.
I don’t think the government has delivered on its promises.
The jobs were outsourced to mercenaries.
It's moot, a moot point.
It is premature to conclude that the time is ripe for the adoption of new instruments on this issue.
He is unfit and unqualified for the job.
For the sake of argument, to explore the hypothetical situation.
A very loose umbrella term that doesn't say anything specific.
Behave like a spoilt child.
Their apparent bonhomie, friendliness.
But communicating takes some getting used to.
So that's my two cents on the matter.
This is not a gimmick or marketing tool, not a trick or ruse.
This idea is a bit off.
The author seems to be far too poorly informed about the matters, not someone with firsthand knowledge.
There is an odd theory that goes something like this.
It got me thinking that they systematically disregard risks.
Opportunity knocks.
To sneak by the obstacles, creep through.
With little regard for fairness and equity.
Wounded imperial pride.
I don't have an issue with the word itself.
Abiogenesis, life from non-life.
We could but didn’t pay attention on time.
I am not anywhere near his level.
In fact, it is all fiction, if you excuse the pun, play of words.

On a stylistic note, I would omit this fragment.
They fall short of providing definitive proof.
They were pushed overboard.
Fair Warning: I have absolutely no research to support this answer.
Too fuzzy-edged to qualify as a principle.
Well, this question has summoned a whole bunch of haters.
Before a handful of speakers branched off and began to migrate.
Working in such an uncompetitive market is a real stroke of luck.
That estimate isn't as wide of the mark as it seems, not so far from the truth, inaccurate, not grounded in reality.
"Ad lib", short for "ad libitum," meaning "at one's pleasure", without a script or planning.
We bow to your superior intellect.
Two candidates limp to a runoff, to the second round.
Mist to cover up corruption.
Classic creativity on display here.
Our heartfelt thanks, sincere, genuine.
The political outbursts might bear some of the blame.
Your confusion seems to arise from another misconception.
Bear with me – I have a point.
We've been reminded about it umpteen times.
A swindler paltering with his investors is when you lie by telling the truth in a misleading way.
There is no such thing except in his fervid imagination.
During a dangerous time when science and religion were often pitted against one another.
Nothing in his demeanour suggests that.
Good point, one comment though, if I remember rightly.
Try to get us food.
Of all the things that never happened, this never happened the most.

Yes and No. We'll do the “no” first.
As far as our knowledge goes.
Lower your expectations.
What a time to be alive.
The payment came at his direction, as testified on the witness stand in court.
No long winded explanation.
I strongly suspect that this is a troll question.
It looks and feels like it was shoehorned in as an afterthought.
Let's crack on, continue doing something as quickly as possible.
The review led to the severing of informants' sources.
They used to look down on the immigrants.
The idea caught on.
Then raid the kitchen.
We've come full circle.
You know I pride myself on being reliable.
This is a continually recurring question in different forms.
Its importance can't be overstated.
He was very tired, so much so that he fell asleep immediately.
But they are nothing like at all.
I suggest that before you pursue this question further you check out the facts.
I'd like to express my sympathy to her family and friends, compassion, and condolences.
Which amounts to a lot.
Not a groundbreaking change, but still an intentional change.
He clipped their wings.
He did something unheard of.
If given the chance, which one would you choose?
This advantage is less noticeable in modern environments.
It is slowly getting visibility.
This is a hot contender for the most stupid question ever written.
From among the elites.
Showcasing his mastery of the language.
Not to forget this day is coming up.
They are identical except for size.
The news came just a short while ago.
As for their backwardness, an old myth cooked up by somebody without any basis in fact.
The predators are as intelligent as they need to be to outwit their prey.
The government pushes this to keep us from noticing that they are looting the country.
Two weeks to go.
The country no longer stands by its commitment.
The aura of invincibility around him has been shattered.
The country is currently enmeshed in a leadership crisis stemming from the death of its president last month.
However, this is where the similarities end.
There are things he could have handled better.
After this day, we cannot go on as though nothing has happened.
Here is the breakdown of this concept.
Spot on answer, the answer provided is exactly correct or perfectly accurate, the answer hits the mark without any errors or omissions.
We have room for but one language here.
Continuously exposed to misinformation.
He is an influential figure in his own right.
However, his long-term vision was firmly rooted in the promotion of democratic values and human rights, which often put him at odds with the Soviet model.
He was not supportive of their policies.
I'm still confused as to how the hell they managed to mount a case.
I'm really scratching my head about the answers here.
You are a gullible sucker who fell for the lies of a charlatan. Do better.
Nothing out of the ordinary.

It is not argued, let alone explained.
It was meant to dissuade others from taking part in the conspiracy, discourage, deter.
Corruption comes to mind when you mention this country.
The trump card.
A short attention span refers to a limited ability to focus on a task or topic for an extended period of time.
That lunatic fringe can't contain himself.
You communicate nothing but gibberish.
I have a bummer and they want to drag others into it, unpleasant situation.
Just a word of warning.
A few things spring spontaneously to mind.
He cut me off in the middle of our conversation, stopped me speaking by interrupting me or putting the telephone down.
They continued to plummet into despair.
In my reading, or the way I interpret the text.
Much ado about nothing, when someone is overreacting and makes a big deal of fuss over something unimportant.
A petty hooligan, incapable of providing that their phantasm even exists.
Sorry for keeping bugging you.
This proposal is well thought out, with all consequences considered.
Things worth remembering.
Then the odds decreased markedly.
To prod him towards something, to incite to action, motivate or urge.
The veil has finally come off.
It dents our importance, makes it weaker.
It can pose challenges though.
Being parochial refers to having a narrow or limited outlook, provincial, having limited exposure to ideas and perspectives outside of one's community or environment.
It vanished like a fart in the air of history.
Let’s not quibble over words.
They brush off this idea as unscientific.
No quibble with what you’ve written but let’s not forget the foregoing.
A highly anticipated feature.

The propaganda machine that tolerates no dissent.
One wonders how many more secret reports they have.
There can be no doubt that this is an instrument of repression.
The operations described above, or variants thereof.
Not everything is looking rosy.
He was also an astute observer of human nature.
Don't take offence to my question.
Get in line.
That's quite an imagination you have.
In a sudden spasm of altruism.
Otherwise known as a common human recklessness.
What's your pitch, your concise summary or explanation of your idea, proposal, product, or yourself in a persuasive manner, quick overview of why something is worth considering.
They don't follow the knews closely.
It went into decline.
No one in their right mind thinks it is so.
The complainants must have a vested interest or legal right that is impacted by the matter at hand, and must have pursued all possible avenues for legal recourse within their own country's legal system.

That is what we need to be mindful of, to take into consideration, to pay attention to, be aware of or be cognizant of.
Your question insults the intelligence of the reader.
Geopolitics, natural disasters, health scares or anything else could end up spooking investors.
He was the consummate bureaucratic infighter, perfect bureaucrat, and a toady, sycophant.
Worded in a convoluted way, expressed or phrased in a complicated manner.
Swamped under a deluge of complaints.
These are facts which, alone, are alarming and unprecedented.
I'm coming around to your point of view, start accepting and stop opposing it, or disagreeing with it.
This is a landmark ruling, historical, and it could trigger a wave of similar lawsuits in other countries.
They foment animosity among the members, fuel enmity.
A language is a dialect with an army and a navy, Max Weinreich.
Don't be hasty.
Tellingly, he refused to meet them on his latest trip, which is revealing.
That defies expectations.
What sets them apart defies ordinaries.
Today marks 5 years since he was condemned.
To help in solving the issue.
Killed or maimed, wounded or injured so that part of the body is permanently damaged.
Maybe he is napping.
I didn't find a tactful way to say that.
His arrival was foretold in ancient murals.
Disgusting beyond belief.

Whether it makes things better or worse depends on whom you ask.
In a way, true to a limited extent or in certain respects.
Without caring too much about it.
Are you a gatekeeper?
Selfish, greedy, ambitious, unscrupulous, exactly what is in high demand nowadays.
It operates on the premise that the readers are stupid.
He ended up having to stay in space until further notice.
I've thought long and hard over this.
History is replete with very bad people who wish to take everything away from you.
Talent like yours should not go to waste.
It was unacceptable to hold on to the view that the situation is essentially unalterable.
You touched on an important point, mentioned briefly.
He has already rushed to "express concern" over their reaction.
They amp up propaganda, intensify, increase, the campaign ramped up.
I didn't even bother to mention it.
But several factors made catastrophe all but inevitable.
I fear that I would give offense to the those present no matter what I said.
They look very well fed, barely able to fit on the sofa.
He showed us into the conference room.
We have been shown the real intentions.
It’s amazing how you so nonchalantly cast off an entire era.

People often fret for no rational reason.
Just checking in to see if you're feeling well.
When you lay hands on the files, get possession of them.
The state machine quickly sprang into action.
It is fine by me, I have no objection.
I want to pick up on the conversation we had, return to a point that has already been mentioned or discussed.
They lie through their teeth, telling what they know is a complete lie.
To segue from an episode to the next one, to pass.
They may be spared the cost and inconvenience of such a procedure.
The process can be time-consuming and error-prone.
I don't say this to brag.
Cancelled until further notice.
In plain terms, the only thing he is good at is exposing his accomplices.
We are short on time.
Take activated charcoal before drinking alcohol to minimise unwanted hangovers.
Biggest hugs, kisses and cuddles.
As a refresher, the bond is fraying.
It's time to report to duties.
I don’t know where you find the patience to field all the foolish – also tendentious – questions that you calmly and magisterially answer.
In part, to lay claim over the territory.
The authenticity is doubtful, so it should be read with care.
You mind not talking until I finish?
That escalated quickly.
The observer modifies the observed.
Lie upon lie. I'm in tears.
We have been dragging on for too long with debates, which continue for an excessively long time.
We are raring to go, very eager to do something, but progress has stalled since then.

An uncalled-for display of temper, unnecessary, unprovoked, gratuitous.
He looks unhinged, mentally unbalanced, deranged.
When you imagine him, you likely conjure the image of a poised (balanced) man full of rambunctious (uncontrolled) quirks.
He later penned a note on that topic.
Worth noting is that the data are largely irrelevant.
People often fret for no rational reason, worry, feel uneasy.
He was to rise to prominence and faced accusations of financial impropriety, behaviour that is dishonest, socially unacceptable, or unsuitable for a particular situation, failure to observe standards of honesty or modesty.
It's too long of a story to tell right now.
The story doesn't fit the narrative.
I doubt they know anything of the sort.
The impending lawsuits, in the forthcoming period.
It has already hit the Internet.
He will high likely become the new shareholder.
This is exactly what I've been harping on.
I catch the drift, or I get the drift, understand the general meaning of what someone Is saying.
This matter is of no concern to us.
Time will tell how it is going to play out, to unfold, to manifest itself.
A war with no end in sight.
What do you make of it?
To come to grips with it, to make an effort to understand and deal with a problem or situation.
It’s out of a cold calculation.
Do you take the threats at face value?
Don't twitch, jerk.
The negotiators were nearing an agreement.
He will strike wherever weakness presents, whenever the opportunity presents or arises.
Was it worse the wait?
Shifting the society to military footing.

Opposite to the expected, to the anticipated.
Sorry to rain on your parade.
History is far too kind to this criminal.
As his occasional explanatory digressions show.
Your persistence will pay off down the road, in the future. Don't ease up, don't relax.
Don't ease up on legal documentation just because you're working with a family member.
Offhand, without taking time for careful consideration, I have no idea how you'd go about writing an appeal.
An offhand solution to fix the problem.
You pick on the semantics.
You pick on me, treat me unfairly by blaming and criticising.
What do you make of it? What is your impression, what do you think of it, what is your understanding about this?
Not uncommon in this sort of crimes.
A smug look on your face, complacent.
They are readying themselves to do it.
The backsliding has gone unchecked for too long.
And in most cases they are still fully allegiant to that country.
A dependant, someone who cannot fully provide for themselves due to age, disability, or other circumstances.
Or better yet, it has become plain that it cannot exist.
Bad behaviour is a sure-fire way of getting attention, certain to succeed.
He dons the crown, puts it on.

Truth to be told.
The fatigue sets in.
It should be taken seriously.
Although initially delighted, I started to develop a sneaking suspicion that they had been connected to the scam.
My top three rants about it.
We are still ranting on about the unfairness of it all, speaking or shouting at length in an angry, impassioned way.
I will see you off with great pleasure.
A face contorted with fury.
He is a role model, someone who is worthy of imitation.
We hold them in esteem.
The ink was barely dry before they began to undermine those rights.
He is an acquaintance of mine.
Here's a breakdown.
I bet you didn’t know that.
We can rise to the challenge, react to a difficult situation by working hard to succeed, show that we can deal with the situation, rise to the occasion.


Subject: Pleading of Innocence l

Dear [Recipient's Name],

I hope this letter finds you well.

[Or I write with my deep concerns about…]

I am writing to plead my innocence in the matter of [Case/File Number]. I firmly believe that I have been wrongly accused, and I would like to present my case to seek justice and clear my name.

I want to emphasise that I have the utmost respect for the legal process and the importance of truth and justice. However, the circumstances surrounding the accusations against me have been deeply distressing and have caused immense hardship for me and my loved ones. It is with great sincerity and faith in the fairness of the legal system that I present my plea for your consideration.

I firmly maintain my innocence and would like to bring to your attention several key points that support my claim:

1. Lack of Evidence: There is a distinct absence of concrete evidence linking me to the alleged offence. The prosecution's case is primarily based on circumstantial evidence, which fails to establish a definitive connection between me and the crime in question. I believe that a thorough examination of the evidence will reveal the lack of any substantial proof against me.

2. Inconsistencies and Discrepancies: I have identified several inconsistencies and discrepancies in the accounts provided by the prosecution's witnesses. These inconsistencies raise significant doubts about the accuracy and reliability of their testimonies. I request a careful evaluation of these discrepancies to ensure a fair assessment of the situation.

3. Alibi and Witnesses: I have a strong alibi supported by multiple credible witnesses who can verify my whereabouts during the time in question. These individuals are willing to provide sworn statements and testify under oath to substantiate my claim of innocence. I urge you to consider their testimony as it strengthens my case and undermines the credibility of the accusations against me.

4. Character References: I have lived an honest and law-abiding life, and I have a strong reputation within my community. I have never been involved in any criminal activities before, and those who know me well can attest to my character and integrity. I kindly request you to consider the testimony of character references who can vouch for my good moral standing.

5. Forensic Analysis: I firmly believe that a comprehensive forensic analysis of the evidence will support my innocence. I respectfully request that a thorough examination of the available forensic data be conducted, including DNA analysis, fingerprint analysis, or any other relevant scientific methods, to shed light on the truth of the matter.

I understand that the legal process can be complex and time-consuming, but I implore you to give careful consideration to the points I have raised. My hope is that by thoroughly examining the evidence and testimonies presented, the truth will prevail, and I will be acquitted of all charges brought against me.

I am fully prepared to cooperate with the authorities, attend any required hearings, and provide any additional information or evidence that may aid in my defence. I have complete faith in the fairness of the justice system and trust that my plea will be given the attention it deserves.

Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to a fair and just resolution to this matter. Please feel free to contact me if you require any further information or if there are any updates regarding my case.

Yours sincerely, [...]

* * *

Ladies and gentlemen, distinguished guests, and esteemed participants,

Good evening, and welcome to this remarkable gathering of brilliant minds at the Conference. It is my great pleasure and honour to stand before you today as we embark on a journey of scientific exploration, innovation, and collaboration.

At the outset, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to each one of you for joining us here today. Your presence signifies not only your unwavering commitment to the pursuit of knowledge but also your dedication to advancing the frontiers of science and shaping a brighter future for all of humanity.

This conference serves as a beacon of intellectual exchange, where cutting-edge research, revolutionary ideas, and groundbreaking discoveries converge. We have assembled a remarkable lineup of experts and thought leaders from diverse fields, creating a unique platform for interdisciplinary dialogue and collaboration. Together, we will explore the vast expanse of scientific inquiry, delving into the depths of our collective understanding and pushing the boundaries of what is known.

The theme of this year's conference resonates deeply with the challenges and opportunities we face in our rapidly evolving world. It compels us to confront the complexities of our time and seek innovative solutions to address the pressing issues that impact our society, environment, health, and beyond. The diverse array of topics that will be discussed over the course of this event will undoubtedly offer invaluable insights, inspire new perspectives, and foster transformative ideas.

Moreover, this conference serves as an embodiment of the spirit of collaboration. As we come together from different corners of the globe, we bring with us a multitude of perspectives, experiences, and expertise. It is within this diverse tapestry that we find the power to ignite change, to unlock the mysteries of the universe, and to shape a future that is not only scientifically advanced but also ethically responsible and sustainable.

Throughout this conference, we encourage you to actively engage with your fellow scientists, researchers, and innovators. Take advantage of this unique opportunity to build connections, forge new partnerships, and establish a network that will endure long after the conference concludes. It is through these collaborations that we can collectively make a profound impact and accelerate progress towards a better world.

As we embark on this journey together, let us embrace the spirit of curiosity, open-mindedness, and intellectual rigour. Let us challenge existing paradigms, explore uncharted territories, and strive for excellence in everything we do. By sharing our knowledge, expertise, and passion for science, we hold the power to transform lives, transcend boundaries, and unravel the mysteries of our universe.

Once again, I extend my warmest welcome to all the distinguished guests, speakers, and participants present today. May this conference be a source of inspiration, a catalyst for innovation, and a testament to the immense power of scientific collaboration. Together, let us push the frontiers of knowledge, shape the future, and leave a lasting impact on generations to come.

Thank you, and I wish you all a fruitful and memorable experience at the Conference.

* * *

I was frankly appalled.
Get everything wrong.
I must not pretend to remember everything perfectly.
Notice other oddities.
This seemed servile, apart from anything else.
It ignited my interest.
I experienced a stab of sheer indignation.
I had just been given a glimpse.
It misrepresents the origins.
Grounded on wish-thinking.
The pursuit of ideas for their own sake.
Unfilled gaps.
By evidence and reasoning and not by mutual excommunication.

Raise an eyebrow.
Proclaim our rectitude, wallow in our unworthiness, ostentatious absurdity.
In pursuit of truth or beauty.
Laughably ignorant.
Forced to rescind one of those dogmas, revoke, cancel.
Warn against painkilling effects.
It has to be conceded.
I don’t feel arrogant enough to exempt myself from the mildest self-criticism.
Infancy of our species.
Hard-won human attainments.
Obey the rules and commandments that qualify for an eternity of bliss and repose.
The level of intensity fluctuates according to time and place.
They did so for two excellent reasons.

Or stay out altogether.
Straight yes/no question.
Our own faculties of discernment.
It was in this wise.
Always impending tempests of hatred and bigotry.
Not one single minute of breathing space was allowed.
Set at naught if induced, disregarded, disdained.
To adopt such a stand is the elementary duty of a self-respecting human.
Revert to atavistic behaviour under the least provocation, a prudent rule.
Imagine a greater affront.

This episode, part horrifying and part grotesque, difficult to reconcile.
A number of serious attempts were made.
Bows the knee.
Forfeited their right to exist.
Paramount, as it happens, forced this point.
So ghastly had been the regime, terrible, horrible, frightful.
The disappointment was, and to me remains, acute, as a national disgrace, in most lenient terms.
Who complained about this flat-out hysteria.
The motive to it is laudable.

But is it not safer to adhere to a right principle.
Either subversive or insane.
Opposed the effort to remove hybrids.
In this respect, religion is not unlike racism.
They breed like rabbits and wipe their bottoms with the wrong hand.
Perused but failed to notice.
Crammed together in sties, pigs tend to act swinishly.
It is not unknown for them to eat their own young.
Display many signs of intelligence.
I daresay that it is easy to surmise which came first.
To avoid it altogether.

But many otherwise intelligent mammals.
To press this a little further, one may note that.
They did not sicken from eating pork.
Another answer to the conundrum.
I claim my own solution.
Have a repressed desire to participate.
Those who have been fortunate enough to visit Spain.
The grim origin of these lies.
The ancient stupidity of zealots is upon us again.
Read enough to know of it.
This apparently trivial fetish shows how religion and faith and superstition distort our whole picture of the world.
In the plain light of reason.
Because the drops have to be administered twice.
Inflict the greatest possible suffering in the least number of words.
He has opined that, has been no better and sometimes worse.
Generous enough to point it out.
The vaccine could ward off smallpox, alienate, avert.
Regarded it as an interference with god’s design.
Leave aside the fundamental absurdity of this observation.
As they might have liked to believe.
In doing so, it continues to pose an urgent threat, I pose a hypothetical question.
For all I care.
This revulsion is innate in any healthy person, disgust.
This salient fact claims a special divine exemption for its practices and beliefs.
Do without bothering to consult him.
He has been lavish in his promise.
Deranged fantasies from the bill of indictment.
Inescapable dilemma.
Cheap thrill of impending doom.
The wish for obliteration can be seen without disguise.
I second his motion, support.
Confrontation with reason.
One must state it plainly.

The power to dictate its own terms.
The pathetic vestiges of this can still be seen.
The world of the living contains enough visible and tangible marvels and mysteries.
Emulations of the supplicant serf before an ill-tempered, self-centred and conceited monarch.
I happen to be busy on an errand.
Consult their “stars” and see through the fallacy.
The luckless victim, devourers and devoured.
Equipped with wings.
To echo Laplace.
This vanity allows us to overlook the implacable fact, vain as we are.
Unfettered inquiry, unrestrained or uninhibited.

Those who have yielded, not without a struggle, to the overwhelming evidence.
Award themselves a medal for their own acceptance of defeat.
A tinkerer, an approximator, and a blunderer, in heaping up a junkyard.
The human record is traceable back for an impressively long and continuous period of time.
Well-intentioned as he may have been.
To which I alluded earlier.
Probably the most daunting task that we face.
No less difficult is the realisation that we may also be quite random as presences on earth.
This is no great surprise: inefficient creatures will either die out or be destroyed by more successful ones.
Arrived at the most disquieting and unsettling conclusion.
It may be worth mentioning that.
Most diverse and interesting of conceivable universes.
Shrewdly observed.
Wonders certainly await us.

Though I dislike to differ with such a great man.
On certain very special occasions.
Hopelessly inconsistent, incurable deficiency, sinister premonitions.
Appears to necessitate religious war.
Already littered with existing prophecies.
Most attention has been concentrated on chapter 20 itself.
Dire warning that the sins of the fathers will be visited on their children.
Indiscriminate massacre.

Safely and easily discarded.
Ill-carpentered fiction.
Times prior thereto.
It seems distinctly implausible.
Until well after his death.
Genocidal incitements.
Emissaries, raising afresh the whole question.
Imperatives of nomadic subsistence.
For concision, I shall again defer it to a finer writer.
Palpably apocryphal stories.
Soap-opera.
The movie sought tirelessly to lay the blame for it upon them.
Patently fraudulent claim.
They flatly contradict each other.
A ghastly emanation from sick minds.
Incandescent debate.
Notwithstanding all that, there is scarcely a word in any of the letters.
The bent and stretched evidence had to be massaged to some extent.

Thus prophecy is fulfilled.
A demand that lay well beyond their right.
It is of interest to note the dates of these magnificently ingenious edicts.
This is really so preposterous as to be comic.
An attempt to give the barest suggestion of the meaning of words, minimum, the slightest.
The point may seem minor but it is not.
Sanguinary feuds between different schools.
It naturally goes without saying.
While there was little or no evidence for that.
In ascertainable history.
I owe him an apology for the precedent cases.
Justify such arrogance and presumption.
We need take no side in the schism.
As one might expect, once it is conceded.
Pile hearsay upon hearsay, and purport to describe, if you so choose.
Guilty of a heinous sin.
The insight, to which I am coming.
Thus the likelihood of the second must be weighed against the likelihood of the first.

Nobody seems to have thought it worthwhile to interview either survivor.
To respect ourselves enough to disbelieve the whole thing.
Until superior evidence is presented, which it has not been.
Exceptional claims demand exceptional evidence, asserted at second or third hand.
Made for their benefit.
We grant them the presumption of truth.
The only responsible decision is to suspend or withhold judgment until the votaries have come up with something that is not merely childish, proponents.
I found myself representing the devil, as it were, pro bono.
I myself am absolutely convinced.
He broke silence after a while to say that.
Standing atop the shoulders of distinguished writers and thinkers.

That enabled him to be prescient, not all of the time by any means, but impressively so on some occasions; predictive, clairvoyant.
The thought has surely occurred to many people throughout the ages.
Eloquent in itself, so to say.
Futile as this proceeding was.
He exacted the best possible revenge for his stolen and empty childhood.
Their gullibility and their herd instinct.
It has attracted a great deal of criticism.
To rehearse the conjury.
This remains a fascinating and somewhat open question.
A long-standing condition that vanished from human view.
Metaphors and allegories.
They incited to carry out the pillage and murder of other tribes.
Milder words are not accepted straightaway.
At any rate, the Almighty managed to tolerate the situation.
It would also be inaccurate to say that.
I can do no other.
This sura deals at some length with the justified spoils of war.

It is often portrayed as though it involved a connection between religious belief and ethical outcomes.
He was in a sense pushing at an open door.
To state the matter shortly, it might suit him.
A fakir and guru instead.
Which in the circumstances would have meant much the same thing.
Arrived shortly thereafter.
If only to see what damage he had wrought.
An impulse dependent upon something rather tenuous.
One branch happened to take root and grow.
Travesty of the truth.
Exemplify the same point in a different way.
The protagonist made a very acute observation.
One might prefer to attribute this to another fact.
An obscene and menacing phone calls from him.
I am not overwhelmed by an excess of choice, shivering with fear.
I was helping escort to a place of safety.
Beyond computation.
To my surprise, he did not dismiss my question.
I was impressed by this man’s frankness.
Make no distinction between races and nations.
Slaughtered them en masse.
Take refuge in churches.

Emancipation from Soviet rule.
He was praised among other things for the number of apologies he had made.
To pursue a softer solution.
Blindness of sight.
Shoes and minds must be left at the gate.
Seeking advice and counsel.
Conceivably, some readers of these pages will be shocked to learn of his existence.
There you have it again: a baseless assumption that some undefined external “force” has a mind of its own.
He knows a great deal about all this.
Of this non-sequitur type, a conclusion or statement that does not logically follow from the previous argument or statement.
By way of the dissolution of their own critical faculties, put their reason to sleep, and to discard their minds along with their sandals.
The longer it is delayed the more heinous the denial will become.
The altars of primitive society reeked of blood and vengeful mood.
A short while before I arrived, another atrocity had occurred.
Once grasped is never forgotten, whatever that may mean.
To put it more plainly, for other reasons having nothing to do with reproduction.
In dire need.

It has subsisted largely on lies and fears.
On a whim, in that the dullest mind can grasp.
We don’t want heaven crammed.
To the credit of the institution.
On any subject that the regime chose to define as off-limits.
It had always harboured the most profound misgivings.
One brick piled upon another.
To inaugurate the tenure of another.
Almost negligible.

You may come across a statement purportedly made by him.
It stood squarely across the path.
Praise unreservedly.
The rhetoric is too florid, excessively intricate or complicated.
Which had since been exaggerated beyond all recognition.
Shaman, hooligan and charlatan.
Recourse to much the same tactic.
Gullible yokels, stained glass.
Immutable laws.
Anthropologist would have little difficulty in recognising that.
Endless bounty.
There is nothing in modern secular argument that even hints at any ban.
Backward and despotic state.
Keeping my thoughts to myself.
Divine spark, to a greater or lesser extent.
Away with him!
Deathbed “repentances”.

And he was correct in a formal sense, sniffing this insanitary barbarian, who had a real pang, pain.
Deceiving themselves.
One supposes, rest assured.
Keep abreast of these developments.
The fabrication of a few nonevents.
Another way of putting this is to say that.
It can now only impede and retard, or try to turn back.
Pray in the right direction.
Sacred texts that have been found to be corrupt and confected.
To make it plain to me.
Upright posture.

I ought to salute.
Put me immensely in her debt.
Fraud-buster.
Over many years.
I am very conflicted in this issue.

Arousing resentment, handling complaints.
Get out of a mental rut, track, habit.
That survey revealed new technique of getting along.
It would be out of place.
He was dizzy with fear.
A rollicking story of his achievements, exuberantly lively and amusing.
A vivid illustration of how leadership gravitates to the person who can talk, a shortcut to distinction.
When afire with enthusiasm.
Far-flung corners of the earth.
An erstwhile cowboy, former, old, one-time.
With great gusto, enjoyment, zest.
He longed to go back to college.
An idea that is boiling and stewing within.
Most of them were deadly dull, boring.
The temerity to write.
Fair questions.

I was sorely in need of such training myself.
I am appalled at my own frequent lack of finesse and understanding.
This success is due to one’s technical knowledge.
In the heyday of his activity.
It has escaped my attention up to the present writing.
They searched diligently for a practical textbook on the subject and found not one. 
I recall that we read over one hundred biographies.
To illustrate, the listeners to go out and test.
People are frequently astonished at the new results they achieve.

One man was so stirred by a talk on these principles that he sat far into the night discussing them with other members of the class.
Which he habitually fails to use, as those dormant and unused assets.
You aren’t then a little better equipped to meet life’s situations.
For the heart aim of education.
Unless you have this one fundamental requisite.
Then you can achieve wonders.
Picture to yourself how their mastery will aid you in leading a richer, fuller, happier and more fulfilling life.
My sense of worth depends to no small extent upon my skill in dealing with people.
First to get a bird's eye view of it.
Merely for entertainment.
In the long run, this will mean saving time and getting results.

Skimming through it once will suffice.
The improvement that still lies in the offing, the more distant part of the sea in view.
This sticks in your mind.
You will probably find it difficult to apply.
It is frequently easier to find fault than to find praise.
I’ll put it in his own words as accurately as I can remember.
As the years passed, these blunders became less frequent.
Check up each week on the progress you are making.
Keep notes in the back of this book.
That would do nobody any harm.
Stoutly maintaining that they should never have been imprisoned at all, with courage and determination.
Criticism is futile because it puts a person on the defensive and usually makes them strive to justify themselves.
It often incurs resentment.
As much as we thirst for approval, we dread condemnation.
It will be prolonged indefinitely.
The rebukes almost invariably end in futility.
Handle the problem.
He never troubled to answer the letter.
I am ashamed to admit it.
Became so diplomatic, so adroit at handling people, clever or skilful.
I will speak ill of no man.
Tears streamed down his face.
What is it you want?
I expected too much of youth.
It breeds sympathy, tolerance and kindness.
But these crude methods have sharply undesirable repercussions.

As the desire for food or sleep, which is seldom gratified.
Longing to be appreciated.
These prizes gave him a feeling of importance.
Rockefeller amassed millions that he never spent.
But life blasted all her hopes.
Words that ought to be cast in eternal bronze and hung in every home and school.
I once succumbed to the fad of fasting and went for six days and nights without eating.
There is nothing I need so much as nourishment for my self-esteem.
To resort to flattery so cheap and false that it can be spotted almost before it is out of the mouth.
Be lavish in your praise.
Personally I am very fond of strawberries and cream, but I have found that for some strange reason, fish prefer worms.
It was necessary to bait the hook to suit the fish.
Inasmuch as you have done it.

Action springs out of what we fundamentally desire.
Who pose as experts in the arts.
We solicit your cooperation toward overcoming the undesirable effects arising from late receipt.
It had the reverse effect.
Please don’t trouble to answer this note.
I chanced to meet a real-estate operator.
He didn't object.
In that book he relates an illuminating incident.
Genuinely interested in it.
In tones that bespeak how pleased you are.
He loaded me down with facts, figures, reports and correspondence.

It is a two-way street – both parties benefit.
Until I finally fell asleep.
The boredom and tension were converted into a pleasant and enjoyable experience.
An insincere grin, smile broadly, especially in an unrestrained manner and with the mouth open.
You can be assured, I am still answering my phone with a smile.
I am now trying to see the other person’s viewpoint.
It depends on inner conditions.
But remember, perusing it won’t do you any good unless you apply it.
For its benefits.
He developed an uncanny ability for remembering people’s names.
People are so proud of their names that they strive to perpetuate them at any cost.
It is a mystery to me.
He went to even further pains, careful efforts.
And then tear up the paper.
And sympathised with his grievance.
It vanished into thin air.
I listened patiently to all he had to say.
When he finally simmered down, became less angry, and got in a receptive mood.
Sympathetic listener to whom he could unburden himself.
What did you want to get out of him?

Do unto others as you would have others do unto you.
As I stood there pondering what to do.
A great silence ensued.
Because we have shown respect for her.
The unvarnished truth is that almost all the people you meet feel themselves superior to you in some subtle way.
He craved little recognition.
Sleeping in his clothes for seventy-two hours at a stretch.
But we were guests at a festive occasion.
Before becoming argumentative, given to expressing divergent or opposite views.
His argument full of holes and prove that he is non compos mentis, insane, in law, not competent to go to trial.
By loudly asserting his authority.
That’s tantamount to saying the opposite.
Any of our assumptions leads us to seek every manner of excuse for clinging to it.
A policeman itching to show his authority.

But instead of breaking lances with him.
Not worth worrying about.
It ended without any ill feeling or rancour.
This may perhaps be worth thinking of.
Not going to lead to a satisfactory resolution of my problems.
Succeed in capturing the attention for our ultimate proposal.
He flatly refused to answer.
Why? I asked in amazement.
They will feel inferior and envious.
A formula that will work wonders for you.
A sympathetic grasp of the other persons’ viewpoint.
Make the other person listen attentively.
Feel sorry for the poor devils. Pity them. Sympathise with them.

Illustration of how he softened the ire of a disappointed and ambitious mother.
Was it worth the risk?
Instead he chose to make his point indirectly.
You’ll disgrace yourself if you ever read that stuff.
He realised he had made a grave mistake.
I shall punch him in the nose.
Rightfully used, they will work veritable miracles in human relations.
By letting him save face.
Spur people on to success.
Because he had singled out a specific accomplishment, rather than just making general flattering remarks.
When the facts warrant a change, justify or necessitate.
And he fulfilled her duties satisfactorily from then on.
The reform is stalled and something else is worth trying.
Therefore the obligation to pay a fee should be voided.
We can't be under any illusion, and can't dwell on the past either.
We were ashamed to learn that our bribed colleague accepted kickbacks.
Burden-sharing to burden-shifting, and civilisational erasure.
Waking up to the facts.
To wean you from Windows, there are two that make a solid case for the task.
Let's scaffold the project.
For his relentless pandering to his viewers.
He panders to their every whim, he does exactly what a person or group wants.
What a time to be alive.
Stick around and let's relieve the pressure, the strain, and clear the doubts.
We love any excuse to throw a soiree.
This question is loaded with false assertions, intentionally or not.
I apparently look too old to be worth the time of the converters.
Patching broken theories.
He is bearing up well after the accident, he remains strong while dealing with the hardship.
I don't mind bragging.
His stonewalling comments indicated a reluctance to collaborate and to an obstruction.
Not too far off, it can all be done though.
She mocks him for his cowardice and sees through empty boasting.

Without much friction.
Before I answer the question, I have a question of my own.
Reagan: Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same.
Those who have never endured the relentless ringing of tinnitus can only dream of the torment.
A long-range agenda to exploit Antarctica’s untapped resources.
If aesthetics tops your list of needs.
The change has always generated discussion - both at the time and afterward.
The most common legal rationales in favor of the ruling.
The Supreme Court has declined to take up these cases for review, letting lower-court rulings stand.
That’s slick: abstraction can become semantic laundering.
It forces courts to justify themselves publicly.
If courts can redefine the plainest words at will, they can also rewrite reality under the guise of law.
A slippery slope from interpretation to arbitrariness, at the expense of minority groups or dissenting interpretations.
Any outcome can be blamed on the system, not on choice.
If exploitation can be asserted without objective criteria,
then any group can claim victimhood and entitlement.
Declare a group oppressed, redefine normal interaction as harm, legitimise expropriation “for justice”, silence dissent as immoral.
This is why envy-based moral systems recur historically.
Human psychology favors comparison and resentment.
Here is why the wait was worth it.

Important to note, he had no idea how to back up his claim.
Suffice it to recall that it was proven false.
If you like, I can look up 2-3 more.
We started to take notice that something was off.
Most likely due to an oversight.
All governments faced difficult and divisive hurdles in deciding on the languages of instruction.
I’m not trying to figure like an erudite, but this is an inviolable right, unalienable.
He figures like a martyr, poses like a victim.
This is doing a lot of heavy lifting in that question.
The word 'sample' is doing a lot of heavy lifting here.
Should that disqualify them?
He walks by and shouts at us.
It’s a half-hearted attempt, though.
The moment I laid eyes on it, it started to harvest attention.
The key to success lies in how the case was mounted.
That’s been around for years but doesn’t get the spotlight it deserves.
The arms race just thickened again, which for some is goodish news.
The concept you are likely referring to, which has led to this question, is the imminent threat of distruction under duress.
The frustration sets in, and the dumbest people are the loudest.
He lays bare the brutal facts.
I couldn't help but notice that it is without an end in sight.
No worries at all.
You are touching on something subtle about the case.
This is not shielding democracy, to sponsor your own influencers to spread your agenda.
Ostracize and excommunicate, broken country.
They'll just piss themselves laughing.
With excellent grades, he is bound for university, is heading towards the university.
We should lay off complaining and try to find solutions instead, stop doing it or bothering somebody.
It's not immediately clear why it is so.
Any book on this nagging problem more than five years old is out of date, unless it’s very general.
It almost always comes down to differences in the execution environment.
Accuse the other side of that which you are guilty of, Goebbels.
It's been ages since these gossips were spread.
Our disquiet grew as we listened to the unsettling news on the radio.
The proof consists of an insoluble dilemma which pits one theory against another.
due to concerns over data harvesting.
If she was found to have done so, she could be repudiated and even put to death.
Every communist is a professional swindler.
He dragged them out of their bubble and forced them to confront the brutal reality.
His vanity made him check the mirror every five minutes - which is also excessive pride or self-admiration, also futility, emptiness, or meaningless.
He gets defensive when asked about a personal message he sent to his brother.
I'll take your word for this, without requiring proof.
He has for long rejected it as being little different from surrender, roughly speaking.
A folie à plusieurs, which is shared madness among many.
It is kind of strong, though it is not clear what you mean by this.
Which will be a bit of a challenge for those new to the matter.
The engine roared to life immediately, kickstarted at once.
We had it coming, we have deserved something negative like punishment, criticism, or bad luck, because of their past actions or behavior.

It lies in shambles, ended in ruins, overtaken by nature.
But the name stuck.
Trying to avoid making a decision, she resorted to stalling tactics.
He is most likely lying about having much understanding.
The design patterns are the recurring structures.
The two dogs took to each other immediately and started to play, started to like each other.
The refugees took to the hills for safety, and people have taken to the streets.
Despite the acute problems that arise here and there from time to time.
It’s designed to pathologise and stigmatise any criticism.
The stupid dimwit has worked out that it has transformed warfare.
He and his minders, bodyguards.
Do you ever think about it – I bet you don't.
He always tunes in at such discussions, and starts to listen carefully.
I am firmly of the belief that the future will show that this whole hysteria over that case was a complete fabrication.
Violence is the corollary of injustice.
For long stretches of time, the commission was too slow to address the issues.
An unhinged person, mentally unstable and out of control, like a door being off its hinges.
I'd contend that the premise of the question is suspect.
Its regimental system is, in its own way, quite tribal.
It turned out tougher than expected and he failed to deliver the results he counted on.
He bought his diploma from an unaccredited diploma mill.
Then suddenly it occurred to me.
They could easily have hired but they didn't, I guess out of pride.
Pull out your guns.
For once, let's order pizza instead of cooking.
He framed the choice starkly, between order and chaos.
This is her presidency in a single photo.
Experts simply listed them as items of unknown purpose.
That phrasing is a misrepresentation of the reason.
We expect them to grant an exemption to the company.
It is a totalitarian ideology masquerading as a religion.
They were closing in, approaching, and drew near.
He tried to placate his boss by apologizing for the mistake.
It has no bearing on our lives whatsoever.
The feast during the plague.
To make matters worse, the same goes for the unrelated people.
So, any perceived similarity between them is entirely coincidental.
They had a clever way to deal with dissenters.
One thing worth pointing out is that it currently lacks a lot.
The confusion around it arises from people trying to force the theory to be something it’s not. 

I don't feign ignorance only to fit your agenda.
This is my hot take on it.
He started to pick up, as a real quick learner.
Here I must go sideways and explain that with more details.
The miracles are not amenable to scientific explanations.
Rare, but not unheard of.
That's settled. And on we go to the next item on the agenda.
He gave the most sumptuous banquet, luxurious, lavish, opulent.
As much as I would like to believe that fancy stuff, I would expect better answers.
They started ranting at me, but I couldn't read their minds.
He advertises himself as a fount of wisdom.
A self-fulfilling prophecy, when the expectations produce the event.
I have seen my own country change before my very eyes.
With all due respect there could hardly be a more wrongheaded question, based on obstinate refusal to accept a correct judgment.
Judges were locking people up, without making space for genuine criminals.
Just leave us out of it.
They are trying to dodge accountability by rewriting the rules.
Nor the former, nor the latter.
At best, he no longer exerts the authority over society that he once did.
What evidence is there to support this hypothesis?
This fixed idea is prevalent among the young population, and is statistically widespread.
Because the predictions that come out of the theory match all our observations.
Marginalia (or apostils) are marks made in the margins of a book or other document.
These questions are kinda disingenuous and borderline dishonest, since it uses the ambiguity of the terms.
They tried to create safeguards against that scenario, a shield of protection.
He stirred the pot back then with his inflammatory statement.
Was it worth a Nobel prize?
In my younger and more free-time-imbued days, I was tactless and inconsiderable.
These gadgets failed, for a variety of reasons, to live up to the hype.
That’s a residual relic of the previous case.
Unlike the others, when he calls the chairman, no one is picking up the phone.
The silence is deafening.
By such an approach to the problem  you are part of it.
Her fixation on that blinds her and damages her credibility, as she is overly confrontational.
I wish you would get this energetic when defending the victims, not the perpetrators.
This is a rite of passage.
Archaic words don't end to persist in stick phrases.
Well, that’s a rather loose figure of speech, but it comes closer to that image than anything else.
One might speak of the hypertrophy of bureaucracy, meaning the system has grown to an exaggerated or unwieldy size.
No stone will be left unturned and everyone involved, from top leaders to street members, will be held accountable.
The judge recused sua sponte, of its own accord, upon its own motion, voluntarily and unpromptedly.
She gave me a giant eye roll and explained that slop was AI-generated content.
Hitherto triumphant, a young man gets humbled after trying to throw hands with an older guy.
There are quite a few, truth be told, and I’ll limit myself to the most obvious ones.
No other rivals with it.
I remember the overwhelming complexity of the case, and feel a sense of resignation.
They were the only bargaining chips they had.
Stay in the loop, remain informed about important information and developments within a group or project.

Finally somebody's talking sense.
It is a complete non-issue.
I have ventured to send you the accompanying article for your perusal and opinion.
No end in sight for the crisis.
If you’re going to appeal to ancient mythology, at least get it right.
Again, I cannot stress it enough.
So long as you behave.
Pillage and plunder are the act of stripping the place of its possessions, often with accompanying violence.
You can loot a store without necessarily destroying it, simply by breaking in and taking goods.
The bandits stripped the travelers of all their money and goods.
There was a massive amount of mathematical work required, and it just took him that length of time to get it done.
Students often regurgitate facts during exams, repeat without understanding.
We are not bound by their Law.
He is conversant with the system, not necessarily expert, but knows the topic well enough to understand it and discuss it intelligently.
But that was just a handshake arrangement.
For weeks, negotiators have been hammering out the details.
It is too early to say what the outcome will be.
The meeting was a joyride.
I don't recall ever seeing him trying this.
They take fundamentally different approaches to achieving that goal.
An invention is flatly contradicted by other sources.
Hackers spoofed the email address to steal information.
This event has me rethinking the next step.
It has got me reconsidering a lot.
He reels after it takes effect, is staggering or swaying, often from dizziness or intoxication.
A pretend god, an imaginary one.
But the drive soon descended into confusion.
The whole enterprise would have sunk without trace.
He is spewing his predictable drivel (nonsense), a loyal pawn of globalist elites who never took the security concerns seriously.
He made this observation at the tender age of 4.
If we remove bias and focus on objective causes, I think we could pinpoint a few reasons.
It clearly doesn’t fit the mould.
There are grounds for optimism.
We must follow through on your promises to gain trust from your partners, to continue a plan until it is finished, with persistence and commitment and not stopping halfway.
Don't poke with the Russian bear.
He is clueless about the case.
This behaviour signals insecurity and anxiety.
The reports look off, appear somewhat strange, incorrect, inaccurate, or substandard.
The hopes that the war might spark a popular revolt proved wildly misplaced, inappropriate, ill-judged and ill-considered.
However it does present some challenges.
I have long been of the opinion that we must do it. 
Today, we are witnessing, before our eyes, the dissolution of states and institutions.
He berates her and makes crass jokes, vulgar jokes.

We won the match fair and square, in an honest way and without any doubt.
You cling to your illusions and call them faith.
Still convinced they can stay above the fray.
We claim to care about it only when it costs nothing.
I just believe in one less god.
It is ideologically charged, loaded.
The attempt falls flat, and is unsuccessful.
They are living in an alternate reality.
It pairs brilliantly with the task.
It is time to take a stand, adopt a firm position.
When others stayed silent he stood tall.
I am glad that somebody finally bothered to ask instead of assuming and presuming.
The room fell silent when he revealed the facts.
After years of disuse, the old bike finally rusted beyond repair.
Someone might be triggered by a comment, a joke, a sound, or an image.
We know it inside out, we know it extremely well.
He deserves pity, not serious analysis.
We will continue to talk to them over the next few days with the goal of signing a trade deal.
He didn't flinch and walked into the fray; he didn't have an instinctive reaction to fear, pain, or surprise.
Even after he tried to posture himself as superior.
We can lose focus on what matters and tender (offer) irrelevant topics for discussion.
It weighs on my conscience.
There are several tried and true methods to ease your discomfort.
The ‘green revolution’ in agriculture is a good case in point, a pertinent example that illustrates what is being discussed.
It is snappier and even adds a bit of charm.
I’m tired of being pestered.
An unutterable tragedy, inexpressible, beyond the powers of description.
No wiggle room, narrow room to manoeuvre.
He cued the band to begin, gave a signal.
Anxiety cues and racing thoughts.
Lean into it, fully engage with it or actively pursue it.
Yet the authorities look away, turn a blind eye.

It was bound to happen sooner or later.
Don't rush to conclusions.
A strawman argument is a logical fallacy where someone misrepresents another person’s position to make it easier to attack or refute.
This aims to balance the scales between employees and management.
They are trying to shame them into falling in line, to compel them to conform to certain behaviours.
I’m grateful to you for initiating a discussion on these topics.
I credit him with this extraordinary achievement.
A deep-rooted, insidious, and damn near impossible to cope without getting called a bigot.
These people were sold a lie about all this.
There's a good chance you are lying about this happening.
The government intentionally tried and mostly succeeded in destroying all the vestiges of this culture.
I overheard a hypothesis, which doesn't pass a scientific test.
You have been fed propaganda nonsense about it.
They consider it too elitist, and not entirely without reason.
Very few bother to learn.
But now the numbers have flipped.
We've been through all this.
He is set to benefit from the new arrivals.
They saw to it.
The others are doing science a disservice.
It can come about only through natural processes.
It entitles the holder of the title to sit and vote in the House.
He lies right to your face.
He has escaped and is in hiding.
It's just acknowledging the futility of combating stubborn stupidity.
He got their attention by offering money.
Our interest lies in staying out of all this.
The Court's factual findings lay bare how this was perpetrated, revealing the details.
She laid claim to half of his fortune, asserted ownership over it.
Without making a single mistake.
It saved me from heading down the wrong path.
Your question is based on two misapprehensions on your part. Let me help you see the light.
A nation can survive its fools, though they rot the nation's soul.
In terms of the environment, it makes absolutely no difference whatsoever.
Make certain it will happen, ensure it will.
It gets itself into a bit of a muddle over who the disciples are.
That itself suffers from the problem of contradictory accounts, however queer it sounds.

Are we embarrassed? – not in the least – we find it slightly amusing, but it remains to be seen.
Do you support or denounce these actions?
They were quick to counter such arguments and moved to dismiss the charges.
What do we gain from it?
So much incorrectness crammed into so few words.
I have broken my own rule.
In legal terms, a recital is a preliminary statement at the beginning of a legal document, like a contract or agreement, that explains the background, purpose, or context of the agreement.
This small company turned the tables on its large competitors.
The claim holds some weight but remains inconclusive without further evidence.
He has decided to escalate and is willing to raise the stakes.
Everyone condemns it to immediate failure.
Now history comes full circle - let them fight their own wars.
Some media call it "fireworks," but this doesn't discredit the event.
We will not stand idly by.
Do not let them lull you into a sense of security.
Both of us headed to the nearby offices.
In a plutocratic system, the rich hold the political power, either directly (by being in office) or indirectly (by influencing political decisions through their money, lobbying, and donations).
He is spot on with his comments, accurately right, without redundancy.
He was noncommittal, vague and evasive, avoiding giving a clear answer,  not committing to a view or opinion.
Look past the rhetoric. Intersected with those who fetishise the schoolyard bullies as strongmen.
In reality, this is always how prophecies get fulfilled.
It beggars belief that..., it is so unbelievable that it defies comprehension; incredibly difficult to believe, beyond what I can imagine or accept as true.
Three languages enjoyed wide currency among imperial elites.
Interesting question - it sent me googling.
He is unlikely to improve on the knowledge we already have.
A historical reenactment, reconstruction.
No one can feign ignorance of the law.
And don't feign modesty, don't make a deceptive action to mislead, don't pretend to have a feeling or condition.
I can tailor the draft to match your design goal.
It lacks the means to capitalise on the achievement.
The article does not inspire confidence.
I just made that remark to allay any conspiracy theories, and most tellingly, insinuations.
Who seek to sow discord among peoples and countries.
Same script, but we refuse to dance to their tune.
Give those guys an Oscar.
This company is setting the pace.
The city became a hellscape.
Keeping inflation in check.
That’s a deeper question than it looks at first.
He is so many heads above them.
There’s an old story, almost certainly apocryphal.
They have come to take themselves too seriously.
The company fell afoul of new regulations and faced heavy fines, got into trouble with or violated a rule, law, person, or system.

Tomorrow works well.
Use it sparingly, a small amount of it, without wasting or overusing it.
There were no such tasks set.
They are profiting off of our gullibility.
We’ll hand him a draft deal outlining all terms, which we are wrapping up now.
So there you have it: not only is the premise of the question not true, it's not true for any of the cases.
Underage drinking is banned.
Let's delay it to allow more time for negotiation.
Before asking why, you should wonder if.
For this country, it is almost unheard-of.
History gets rewritten all the time.
Then they are able to go about their usual business, continue to deal or mind their business.
The protests sprang up in the streets.
To hold fast to this principle, stick or cling to the beliefs and values.
Before becoming a laughing stock, a ridiculed and mocked character.
I thought about it, though I didn't say anything.
He was worth more than a billion.
But we’ll ignore that for the sake of simplicity.
What are they seeing that the rest of the world seems to be missing?
A brain drain, the emigration of highly trained or qualified people from a particular country.
I also want to take the opportunity to debunk some blatantly false claims that have been circulating in the press.
Beneath its banners of peace and progress lies a machinery of quiet domination.
In case you receive a note that you disagree with, with a compulsory enforcement, and which is impactful on your personal life, you must challenge it in court.
I don't sugarcoat the facts, don't embellish them.
The company was riven by disagreements and internal disputes, torn, split or violently divided.
They sought to water down the language of the draft resolution being circulated, ultimately delaying its adoption by a month or so.
Despite there being no evidence of his guilt, he was ordered to die.
They won't give us the heads-up, brief warning or notice given ahead of time to help us prepare.
It is one more way of creating more adversarial elements to keep the plot line engaging for its audiences.
It would freeze the blood in your veins.
In lay-speak, that means that it is readily available.
A better way to phrase it.
He picked up the scent of a deal.
But then I got to thinking, why bother, so, I’ll just address your points, in no particular order.
It is a showcase how detrimental it can be to the economy.
As to the second part, I take it to mean the following: hybrid descendants.
The answer is a cautious yes, with caveats.
Feynman did not believe in “half baked” answers that don’t really tell the right story.
Just in case you missed it.
None of them could be found to back up his story.
They got it wrong.
It leaves me pondering why.
Worse is to come.
It may only be by an accident of history that it is preserved.
I just wanted to come by and apologise.
Now having pointed out these falsehoods you’re spreading, let’s address the elephant in the room.
Not by a longshot, definitely not, by no means.
He turned in Galileo to the inquisition.
It raises easily refuted points.
None the wiser, he said “What is England?”
We got the report improved, i.e. somebody improved it.
There is a clear distinction between the two.
I am not bound by this highly mythologized concept, restricted, obligated or controlled.

You needed to sort yourself out.
He finally paid his due for all the harm he caused, he got the punishment he deserved.
Nothing remained, save a single coin, except this coin.
A handful of sycophants used that smear.
We have edged to the brink more than once since then.
As tensions have sharpened again, they have warned of potentially dire consequences if the two sides fail to de-escalate.
I see no benefit to that.
From which the biblical Genesis was largely plagiarized.
The apparent consistency ceased to be a sign of reliability - in fact, quite the reverse.
Let's draw up a list of such items.
It all goes well for them.
I read the instructions three times, but I’m still none the wiser.
The authors expressed their ignorance in many other ways.
We can stand tall on our own.
You have no intention of doing a thing.
Oddly enough, the only people who claim that are from his entourage.
Neither of these is a good reason to make the blanket statement that using these texts is poor design, according to the academic consensus.
They believe they have an ancestral right to that land.
The evidence shows it to be true.
And worst of all, you're totally full of yourself.
Rights we once took for granted.
People who would not have known how to speak Greek, much less read and write it like seasoned pros.
The two lie-filled virgin birth narratives cannot be reconciled.
He pitched his startup idea to investors, promoted in a persuasive way.
His outrages spanned more than a decade.
We are ready to move past old mistakes.
That surprising fact does not prove that it did not exist, but does bolster the case against its historicity.
It is accurate enough to say that.
The fact doesn't check out.
The headlines read like a spoof, a parody.
Then, critically evaluate whether his argument holds up under scrutiny.
This ploy has always worked for them until now.
This is another ploy cooked up by the opponents.
I poked my head around the door to see what was going on.
I just need a quick peek at the mechanic reports, a sneak view.
It can help hedge against inflation.
A risk-averse business culture, rather a lacklustre selection, with no end in sight.
I read all this through the eyes of a small business.
There will be no leniency or delay in this matter, not merciful or tolerant.

And as per usual, we start all over again.
Generally agree, one addition, though.
It appears to have put things off balance merely for the love of it.
He is a staunch ideologue prone to outrageous and exaggerated statements in order to get attention for his cause.
Despite those conflicting sources, the date when the event occurred is without question.
The contradiction or confusion lies in the comparison of secular and Biblical sources.
Don't worry - so does almost everyone, including us.
He pours cold water on the celebration.
Things will turn out well.
They screwed up badly, ignorant and impolite.
We took note of it and put the decision on hold for a month.
To tank the economy, to lose intentionally, give up in competition.
Because we share the belief that there has to be something better than hurling insults.
No joke, it gets crazier the further you read.
Your education system has totally failed you.
We are in awe to hear that, respect and revere that.
He feels a strong lure to micromanage the superiors' decisions.
It is the apple of my eyes, what I cherish above all.
The community cannot stop patting themselves on the back for being lords of the known universe, praise themselves or feel proud of sometimes genuinely or a bit boastfully.
They are ancestral to modern political species, predecessors.
I don't think that is germane, relevant, opportune, timely, or appropriate.
It isn't actually so, but I get the point.
He has helped them roll out a new system across all regions, launch or introduce gradually, as opposed to phase out.
The negotiations on the deal stalled.
He ignored their blandishments and flattering statements and stuck to his decision.
How do you square that? How do you make sense of that? How do you reconcile those two conflicting things?
We got so accustomed to them we didn't take much notice.
But the most interesting part is yet to come.
This is grossly incorrect.
Enhancements from that version onwards.
The imposed sanctions may be subject to gradual easing and subject to resumption in the event of a breach of the peace agreement – a snapback, sudden return to a previous condition or situation.
What does your gut tell you?
Nothing will make me believe that it can be shown to exist today.
Before he repented, he left traces.
The historic wounds are still hurting.
The worms wiggle their way into the soil, they weasel into it.
He was reluctant to accept he could be in the wrong.
He eliminated the guardrails.
The two are, to a great degree, intertwined.
Let's not kid ourselves.
Immature and have to be protected from themselves.
They have a mealy-mouthed answer, overly delicate, not straightforward.
He often altered the sense of the original in order to make his own point.
The process of finding buyers could drag on for months.
They found that polygamy was frowned upon and even illegal, disapproved of.
You can do it, but why would you want to?
It bears an unmistakable mark of datedness.
But this path is fraught (likely to result in something undesirable) and uncertain.
I might go out on a limb (go to extremes and be criticised by others) here but I'd say the evidence for that is stronger.
You manage to get so many flawed premises into one question.
It is quite daring.
To argue the respective merits of their religion.
That can run you into a brick wall.
Off the hook! Out of bounds!
A kind of vomit inducing sycophancy.
It is fast becoming the equivalent of integration.
I have to eat my words, retract what I have said.
The original solution was admittedly quick and dirty, produced or done quickly and therefore not perfect.
The task was, admittedly, more difficult than we initially anticipated.
He adopted a behavior that pushes boundaries, naughty and daring.

He condescended to help, but made it clear he found it beneath him, and didn't even deign to respond. I guess I'll lower myself to do this.
They really outdid themselves this time.
They must take pride in it.
If you accept, just tick the box.
These names were edited out of the report.
There is no easily digestible answer to this question.
I dare say, it looks better than it is.
In retort to his sarcastic comment, he rolled her eyes and walked away, in a defensive or retaliatory manner.
The narrative lends itself to the whole story, suits naturally.
They fell short to impress us, it wasn't enough for that.
This is why one should go to school in the first place.
He is giving himself to praise, seeking out compliments and admiration, which shows a tendency of self-aggrandizement and need for external validation.
The war at a stalemate.
Yet with peril came opportunity.
He made a flurry of moves to stay the course, at least for the moment, and shore up his project.
And to breathe new life into the machine.
I wish you all success, courage and resolve.
But that is the trivial part.
This is not an April fools.
Watch their hypocrisy at its ugliest.
When we need them to stand up they are practising bowing before their cult leader.
We'll be prepared for all eventualities and will rule nothing out.
Hither and thither, in various directions, especially in a disorganized way.
A complete unabridged report.
In the middle of the second act the play shifts gears from comedy to tragedy, changing the course of action in an abrupt, dramatic, or unexpected manner.
A rumour grew up that the level of crimes had suddenly shot up - but it hadn’t.
Today I am proud to deliver on my promise.
He is just stalling for time, delaying taking action, putting off, buying time.
Reform has stalled amid profound political paralysis.
Here's the scoop on upcoming projects, the first information.
I received a phone call that went something like this.
They have no courage, even if they dare not say so.
This fact portends ill, is a sign or warning that something, especially something momentous or calamitous, is likely to happen, bodes ill.
Some shredded reams of documents pertaining to corruption cases, some sheets of papers.
Obviously, to make you wonder and suffer.
When it comes to the biggest mistake a company has made, the award goes to Yahoo.
Hurts my soul.
Using it as an argument is childish at best.

We are set to play our role.
Let me digress briefly to explain this and get to your question at last.
Reward for your toil.
It would require some knowledge of macroeconomics, which he lacks altogether.
Because they barely exist.
And not all is plain sailing in this question as well, easy-peasy.
A wanton act,  deliberately malicious or cruel, unprovoked, unrestrained, with disregard for what is right or proper, without justification, based on personal whim.
We efficiently cater to the diverse needs of customers across the world, satisfy or service the needs.
They made bizarre things up to suit their agenda.
When he tried to predict the future, he failed miserably.
It's a contradicting statement, not a typo.
These kinds of questions pop up regularly.
He has worn out their welcome, made themselves not welcome, remained a guest for too long to the point where the host no longer wishes one to stay.
Not sure where such questions come from.
They welcomed us with enthusiasm that bordered on toadying, sycophantic behaviour.
Will he stay by his words?
Coffee for the boss, you toadying creep.
As one of the authors, two points occur to me.
He knew what he was doing and prodded them into reacting, poked with a finger and encouraged them to take action.
In the presence of this enormous reservoir of intellectual strength, my tongue refused to do its service.
It is designed to offload resource-intensive tasks.
This subject is off the table.
On the brink of collapse.
Astounding beyond belief.
As far as the risk of injury goes, it is safe.
He is on the cusp of a change in my career, in the point of transition between two different states.
I am not a sleazy, sloppy politician trying to offer a non-answer.
If we don’t wise up and sober up, we'll have to face the consequences.
But here is the thing. Far from insurmountable, this problem has many solutions. True, they are not trivial.
The cost of inaction.
He didn’t check with me, and is a desperate attempt to make something out of nothing.
You can't go wrong with it in this case.
We'd be worse off for it.
They showered him with compliments.
I am reminded of a man I once treated as though he were intelligent.
If you're not at the table, you're on the menu.
Judging by the successes they showed in their activity.
He threatens, abuses and blusters, talks in indignant vein, appointing himself as an additional proponent, has no qualms about lying if he thinks that he is doing so for the greater cause.
Many people, including myself, stepped into the newbie trap.

His recklessness landed him in trouble.
He'll land up in hospital if he carries on drinking like that.
The disease has a poor prognosis and almost does not lend itself to drug therapy, is not suitable for that purpose.
He did it out of spite. He did it to spite us, to tease us.
The expertise lent credibility to the project, or offered credibility.
For kicks, for fun; just for entertainment; for no good reason.
I can't make out that house in the distance, discern, perceive, comprehend.
Don't take offence, but we're done here.
A nuisance for others.
Not to minimize his contribution, but our chit-chat is vacuous, devoid of content, lacking purpose, meaning, or intelligence.
People were calling him out for his negative comments, drew critical attention to his unacceptable actions or behaviour.
Insightfully? I think you misspelled “fictionally.”
This is the moment in which we are at our most vulnerable.
It would be great if he had mentioned the authors, to say the least.
This form of language endows “space” with some tangible reality that it doesn’t have.
A puerile speech.
"The Hound of the Baskervilles" by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, "What was it, Barrymore?”.
I think you have it all wrong.
In a moment of bliss.
The Occam’s Razor principle comes into play here.
Saying otherwise would be xenophobic, and how do you know that?
He has traded rhetorical blows with his critics.
A serial liar, who habitually and repeatedly lies, without guilt or hesitation.
Today marks a grim milestone.
He tries to shame everybody. It shames me.
We will not be cowed, intimidated, frightened into doing something, using threats or violence.
Your first given, upon which your question lies, is where we need to start.
While we're on the subject, I've always been puzzled as to why they operated in this manner.
The president waffled, equivocated, weaseled, avoided giving a clear answer.
He attempted to weasel out of paying his share of the dinner bill.
He managed to wiggle out of any situation.
Politely disagree.
With him in the room interrupting and egging things on, inciting, it quickly devolved into a total breakdown.
All excuses aside, he bears a grudge for ones, while he retains a baffling admiration for the others.
They had to respond and respond they did.
He has tried numerous times to broker peace.
It's a total and unmitigated disaster for them.
It is hard to not notice that basically they branched out from the same ancestral origin.
Fingerprints all over it.
This does beg the question: what did you get done last week?
Now he is welching on his pledge, avoids doing what he promised.

Some changes of note.
It is definitely worth a try.
He denies having any role in this.
Don't fall for their scams.
Native speakers pick up on it in an instant, notice and react to it, become aware or cognizant of it.
It has come to my knowledge that you're considering a career change.
He knew the state would press as hard as possible to have him extradited.
If you think so, think again.
Let’s start by getting something straight.
You happened to be right all along.
A vague and poorly defined term.
He began the downfall of the country.
I had to read the letter twice before I could take it all in.
It is not an enemy, it is more of a partner, but still under radar.
If memory serves, it's widely acknowledged that they are both similar and different.
But the big journals' reputations are only partly warranted, justified.
Unwarranted is lacking justification.
And the sooner you lose that misconception, the better off you’ll be.
His smug rants about politics quickly turned friends into silent listeners.
He was convicted of the very same crime but was spared jail time.
He was caught red handed.
In the absence of a better name, we can choose to do so.
This demolishes that idea, which in  turn demolishes your proposal.
They had to rein in their laughter, contain the laughter.
He won’t give blank checks anymore to foreign governments.
In classical Greek tragedy, hubris was often a fatal shortcoming that brought about the fall of the tragic hero.
Something to keep in the back of your mind.
It has gone out of vogue because its predictions have failed to come true.
To pass the torch to the next generation.
Let their fantasies go wild, and not in a positive way.
Public ownership of the means of production.
Did I lose you somewhere?
The hustle and bustle of the market, the fuss.
This comes after years of hefty spending on some expensive projects.
Dismantling it in full view of the public.
His carping about the project annoyed everyone in the meeting, complaining from the sideline.
Like a rooster with an itch.
The realm beyond our reach, and grasp.
They look away when asked about the theft.
The hounding of our armed forces for doing their job is nothing short of shameful.
It is an urban legend, and rumors were rife.
Without getting lost in details.
My two pence worth, and an attempt to set some myths straight.
He made me laugh out loud.
What have we come to?
Are we awake or asleep?
Follow the evidence wherever it leads.
All your points are plain wrong.
But none of them had a mind as quick and acute as him.

How do I save myself the trouble of having to write it? First, let's clear something up.
Whatever this hapless soul might be.
Clever enough to smack dullards around with his artful verbosity. It's saddening.
The problem already manifests, somewhat.
Well, it seems the only thing you get is feeling cool.
It's pursued for its sheer simplicity and elegance, and for the intellectual challenge it presents.
There is actually a disciplined way to address this question.
We are not off to a good start.
They are all on course to lose power in the coming months.
It has been tested as seldom before.
He unwittingly mixed up the dates.
In multiple aspects, people would simply grow out of religion naturally.
The numbers are flawed, so we are clear here.
They are dissimilar in terms of language they use.
You know what lies ahead of you now.
To wit, namely, more precisely, videlicet, scilicet.
Soon we'll go on our merry way, we'll leave the place.
Make an informed choice about whether to accept the option or not.
Shrouded in myths.
I have a mind to take the train. I have half a mind to do it, I'm somewhat inclined.
It is out-of-touch with the current situation.
As we try to chart a path forward.
Reaction and its fallout, repercussions, consequences, aftereffect.
Emotional entanglement and being led by the nose.
Finally, they proved victorious.
Use it at your own risk.
As the expression goes, the fish does not notice the water.
It creeps me out, makes me feel afraid, uncomfortable or disgusted.
Straight down to business.
We cannot stress strongly enough the fact that everything must be done properly.
It is a long way down the line, in the future or throughout.
Go ahead and rip up the papers, destroy by tearing it into pieces.
We stand to gain or lose a lot.
We missed the mark.
There is - so I am told - a few of it here and there.
It is a fad at the moment.
The country continues to miss its target, especially when they are crammed together, for different reasons.
We'd rather wait out, do nothing until something happens.
Don't miss out on the fantastic bargains, fail to use an opportunity or get an advantage of something.

I'm short of arguments.
Why didn't you tell me right away?
I would never have dared to doubt it.
Undaunted soldier, unfit for service, in a situation fraught with danger.
Everyone can go completely off the rails.
Then general laughter broke out.
It has all the hallmarks of mythology.
A peek into its future, a quick glimpse into the future.
Such a tight grip of power.
It's bilge, untrue or silly.
Don't die before trying it.
Your move is seen as a tactic to achieve that purpose.
It’s just a matter of pinning down where and when.
It can however degrade the overall performance.
Were are not certain, in which case any purported consequences are moot.
Unfortunately, many victims could not muster enough courage to come forward.
Please step back and think about what you’re really asking.
Don't start jumping into conclusions before we know what is going on.
There were no accusations of criminal conduct made against them.
Go figure!
He knew how to use it to his advantage.
That's what readily comes to mind.
I'll call you when I get close.
It deeply unsettles me.
We have some explaining to do.
Blackmail doesn't suit you.
Don't let this demagoguery take away your common sense.
I can neither confirm nor deny.
Actually, as a point of principle.
I acted to protect it.
Do you happen to know that, by any chance?
That was not nice and easy.
They are well-meaning people.
In a short while they turned really rich.
It provides a glimpse into the matter, although there are always issues that pop up.
We use this word to sound posh.
Give him the nod, give him approval or permission.

Nowhere else would you see use of this technology yet.
For one, he was illiterate until adulthood.
This is a purposeful misdirection, misleading toward a wrong lead, making people pay attention to the wrong thing, usually intentionally so that they will not notice something else.
But first, let's unpack the question a bit.
I'm trying to wean myself off fatty food generally, making myself gradually stop using something that is bad for me.
And just so that you know, in broad brushstrokes, it never happened.
People who are not in the habit of making fine distinctions.
What are your thoughts on this?
Voila, it’s that simple.
It doesn't cast you in a good light.
It is nitpicking, the finding or pointing out of minor faults in a fussy or pedantic way.
He is known for his nitpicking comments on every little detail.
It was our oversight of not making it clear, a mistake made because of a failure to notice something.
I see what you mean, but I submit that this text is more precise.
This question still puzzles us.
There is no supportable way to interpret that passage to mean a "divine barrier".
We don't see it that way.
What else? That was pretty much it.
A subpar performance, below a usual or normal level or standard.
This map cannot possibly depict what the poster claims, for multiple reasons.
The malignity of his intentions.
You need to catch it before the cold weather sets in.
You're getting ready to head off for a vacation in paradise, to set off for this destination.
They are now cutting interest rates to head off a growth slowdown, to take action before it is expected to happen in order to prevent it from happening.
A puddle of tears.
Being impolite to elders is frowned upon in many societies, is disapproved.
Bad timing.
We keep him in high regard.
Evidence of such things existing in the first place.
The authors of the report were prone to wild exaggeration.
Such myths are constructed and passed down to future generations, without ever being seriously questioned.
One day he plucked up the courage to ask, became brave enough to do it.
He has occasionally sent mixed and cryptic messages.
There is no record of him disputing this fact.
Let me be unequivocally clear.
The differences far outweigh the similarities. But that’s where the similarities end.
The answer is reasonably simple, but subtle.
You said a mouthful, uttered something important or meaningful.
Ask him one day passing him in the hallway.

Someone brazen enough to pull a heist in a room full of agents, pull off a robbery.
The government knows about it but keeps it under wraps from the general public.
The new apprentice learned a lot, the pupil.
Now, I really need to get going.
I did it on purpose.
It is now newly available and growing in usage.
I'll take evidence over rumours, and evidence takes precedence over rumours.
Try to lessen his suffering.
As the crisis heats up and it strains the bounds of credulity.
When the case went to trial, he reluctantly agreed to bear witness against his neighbor, called to testify, give evidence in a court of law.
This is a whimsical conjecture, nothing more.
One immediate problem this idea runs into is the lack of consistency.
At no time in my life did he ask me.
At no point in time did I intentionally or deliberately want to cause any harm.
Given the amount of attention he bothered to focus on this subject.
They knowingly misled the court.
A fast-paced environment, moving very quickly.
The unbecoming language, and inappropriate outfit for the event raised many eyebrows.
For this to work, we must do something.
His rhetoric grows more extreme.
After that, questions are being raised about its further policies.
For no apparent reason, they named us friends.

It lags far behind the best foreign analogs, and we have to scale down our ambitions.
Yet public awareness is low.
What did I get out of it?
It reveals the dormant bugs of the system.
It revolves around several aspects.
I'm glad they don't have that stuff shoved down their throats these days.
I feel the urge to comment on this, have a strong wish to do so.
Let's send for a doctor and pass him the information to back up the story.
To redefine the problem to suit our own solutions.
They are not exceptions, but aren't quite the norm either.
Before we laugh it off, present the unpleasant as unimportant.
After the conference you also get a freebie, a gift from the company.
I need to call in a favour from an old colleague.
They were warned about interference ahead of the elections.
Just so we can say we tried.
They probably believed it was accurate, however, wishing don’t make it so.
The adviser could weigh in on a plan, add advices or comments.
It is called that as part of the global conspiracy to keep it confusing.
I've seen it many a time in the past, many times, frequently.
They have next to connection whatsoever.
Bask in the glory ensuing.
Your behaviour is out of line, beyond what is reasonable or allowable, not right or appropriate.
The somewhat abrasive wording of the question is disturbing.
With no end in sight.
It was a nice turn of phrase, a way of saying or describing something.
Do not play the victim nor point fingers at the others.
It shows great promise.
Brutality, in the service of winning, was no vice.
A ghostwriter is a person hired to write speeches that are putatively credited to another person as the author.
The putative leader, putative father, commonly alleged to exist.

The ability to sift through the big data and filter the valuable ones.
Probably not that much of a surprise.
Who would've thought.
The case has intensified a long-simmering debate about free speech.
Unless my memory fails me, unless my eyes fail me.
To blame him for the world’s ills.
That’s rich (absurd or ridiculous). And yet sitting on the fence. Nope, not buying it. I need more evidence before I make up my mind.
At current rates of spending, we are in the fast lane to bankruptcy.
He is cosplaying as a judge, the hobby of dressing as and pretending to be a character from a film or comic book.
I find it hard to believe but they brush off this version, dismiss it in an abrupt manner.
You are now ready to pick fights with everyone.
To save the fanatics the embarrassment of presenting false arguments.
It will always increase over time, but have another go.
Looks like I am a little late to the party.
He claimed it with a straight face.
But the report was short on details about finding a source for the investment required to reverse the economic decline.
They seemed determined to goad us into a fight, to make us react by continuously annoying us.
How he could remain within sight of being promoted, and not being within our grasp.
He faced the disaster with unflagging (unrelenting) courage and never sought refuge in illusions.
Let's untangle this mess of misunderstanding of an ignorant.
The most entangled, and by a large lead.
A false teachings that crept into church during its infant stage.
Very nice write up, informative and to the point.

To fence off the house with a wall.
It differs markedly from his own account.
I have to root for my team.
They have the gall to question my statement, have the nerve, is a brazen boldness with brash and insolent self-confidence.
He often prioritises personal rapport with his staff and is expected to place considerable stock in the in-person meetings, has confidence or faith in such meetings.
This is why it was made up so frivolously and accepted all throughout its history.
It has an underlying philosophy.
Opinions which sharply conflict with my views.
To provide a sanitised and harmonised version of the early years.
Such a shameless liar.
To have reasons to prosecute war.
It spiralled into a conundrum, the situation quickly got worse.
Can we have some sanity back?
It was the final nail in the coffin.
The policies were not all that thought out.
No one piece of evidence states that, in straightforward and unambiguous language.
You can start much smaller. No one eats an elephant in one dinner.
Speak to fill the void.
Drink water straight from the tap.
We are set to pull the plug on the project.
He declined to comment on the report.
Sam Harris: "Religion gives people bad reasons for acting morally, where good reasons are actually available.”
We are fortunate to have this letter, because it is from it that we learn most about the details.
It's up for debates.
An ill concealed laughter.
Be served by obsequious waiters, servile, sycophantic, excessively obedient and overly attentive.
Obsessed to satiate its lust for sensationalism.
If the rabble continues to occupy itself with you, then simply don't read that hogwash, but rather leave it to the reptile for whom it has been fabricated.
He had imposed on them a moderate tribute, suitable to their limited resources.
“Unwritten” isn’t quite the way to describe it.
They are trying to stoke hatred, contempt and resentment.
When you knowingly call it so, in full awareness or consciousness, deliberately, as possessing secret knowledge.
Only the locals are entitled to badmouth their country, speak ill of others.
Opportunities like this don't come along every day.
None of this makes sense.

Whenever the circumstances so require.
The person so designated or appointed.
If the court considers that exceptional circumstances so justify.
When adopting such a judgment, the court will have due regard to the sensitive nature of the documents so considered.
If it so decides of its own motion, on its own initiative.
They may raise their claim in so far as its character and the circumstances permit.
The court may at any time examine an adjourned application where the interests of the proper administration of justice so require.
If the presiding judge so directs, the clerk must provide the verbatim record of the hearing.
It shall so declare in a reasoned decision.
If the judge so desires, he may attach an advisory opinion or a separate opinion either concurring with or dissenting from the reasoned decision, or barely statement of dissent.
Failure to do so may lead to the case being struck out of the court's rolls.
Once it has become final.
Once a request for interim measures has been submitted.
Once the time-limit has elapsed, it cannot be extended, as set out in the rules.
Conditions laid down in the next paragraph.
They should be mindful at all times of their duty to act with requisite integrity and dignity, necessary and required.
Persons associated with pending cases.
In the exercise of their functions, they must keep themselves free of undue influence of any kind.
This affects adversely the public confidence in the institution.
To perform their duties in a diligent and respectful manner.
They may not engage in any additional activity except insofar as this is compatible with the prestige of their job.
The dysfunction that has given rise to similar complaints.
I can't call his name to mind, remember, recall.
We are reaching out to tell you about some changes.
Unless mentioned above, these changes will fully take effect on August 26th.
When it waved its final goodbye.
Little we know about it, which means we are left to speculate about it.
It is important to lay out some historical context before we address the points.
Let me lay out some important points, make it explicit.
The dispute we are set to answer is the following.

Now onto the fun part.
I bet he's thinking otherwise.
This is the final straw.
Once we get up to this point.
Where do you think the race stands now?
Drop out of the race after weeks of political tumult, disarray, agitation.
By a quirk, the words happen to resemble each other.
It didn't fall by the wayside, and remained the mainstream.
However, its a bit more complicated than that, so let’s back up a bit.
They wanted to, but he kept them from doing so.
Let me ask you another question to show how dump yours is.
I don’t think the government has delivered on its promises.
The jobs were outsourced to mercenaries.
It's moot, a moot point.
It is premature to conclude that the time is ripe for the adoption of new instruments on this issue.
He is unfit and unqualified for the job.
For the sake of argument, to explore the hypothetical situation.
A very loose umbrella term that doesn't say anything specific.
Behave like a spoilt child.
Their apparent bonhomie, friendliness.
But communicating takes some getting used to.
So that's my two cents on the matter.
This is not a gimmick or marketing tool, not a trick or ruse.
This idea is a bit off.
The author seems to be far too poorly informed about the matters, not someone with firsthand knowledge.
There is an odd theory that goes something like this.
It got me thinking that they systematically disregard risks.
Opportunity knocks.
To sneak by the obstacles, creep through.
With little regard for fairness and equity.
Wounded imperial pride.
I don't have an issue with the word itself.
Abiogenesis, life from non-life.
We could but didn’t pay attention on time.
I am not anywhere near his level.
In fact, it is all fiction, if you excuse the pun, play of words.

On a stylistic note, I would omit this fragment.
They fall short of providing definitive proof.
They were pushed overboard.
Fair Warning: I have absolutely no research to support this answer.
Too fuzzy-edged to qualify as a principle.
Well, this question has summoned a whole bunch of haters.
Before a handful of speakers branched off and began to migrate.
Working in such an uncompetitive market is a real stroke of luck.
That estimate isn't as wide of the mark as it seems, not so far from the truth, inaccurate, not grounded in reality.
"Ad lib", short for "ad libitum," meaning "at one's pleasure", without a script or planning.
We bow to your superior intellect.
Two candidates limp to a runoff, to the second round.
Mist to cover up corruption.
Classic creativity on display here.
Our heartfelt thanks, sincere, genuine.
The political outbursts might bear some of the blame.
Your confusion seems to arise from another misconception.
Bear with me – I have a point.
We've been reminded about it umpteen times.
A swindler paltering with his investors is when you lie by telling the truth in a misleading way.
There is no such thing except in his fervid imagination.
During a dangerous time when science and religion were often pitted against one another.
Nothing in his demeanour suggests that.
Good point, one comment though, if I remember rightly.
Try to get us food.
Of all the things that never happened, this never happened the most.

Yes and No. We'll do the “no” first.
As far as our knowledge goes.
Lower your expectations.
What a time to be alive.
The payment came at his direction, as testified on the witness stand in court.
No long winded explanation.
I strongly suspect that this is a troll question.
It looks and feels like it was shoehorned in as an afterthought.
Let's crack on, continue doing something as quickly as possible.
The review led to the severing of informants' sources.
They used to look down on the immigrants.
The idea caught on.
Then raid the kitchen.
We've come full circle.
You know I pride myself on being reliable.
This is a continually recurring question in different forms.
Its importance can't be overstated.
He was very tired, so much so that he fell asleep immediately.
But they are nothing like at all.
I suggest that before you pursue this question further you check out the facts.
I'd like to express my sympathy to her family and friends, compassion, and condolences.
Which amounts to a lot.
Not a groundbreaking change, but still an intentional change.
He clipped their wings.
He did something unheard of.
If given the chance, which one would you choose?
This advantage is less noticeable in modern environments.
It is slowly getting visibility.
This is a hot contender for the most stupid question ever written.
From among the elites.
Showcasing his mastery of the language.
Not to forget this day is coming up.
They are identical except for size.
The news came just a short while ago.
As for their backwardness, an old myth cooked up by somebody without any basis in fact.
The predators are as intelligent as they need to be to outwit their prey.
The government pushes this to keep us from noticing that they are looting the country.
Two weeks to go.
The country no longer stands by its commitment.
The aura of invincibility around him has been shattered.
The country is currently enmeshed in a leadership crisis stemming from the death of its president last month.
However, this is where the similarities end.
There are things he could have handled better.
After this day, we cannot go on as though nothing has happened.
Here is the breakdown of this concept.
Spot on answer, the answer provided is exactly correct or perfectly accurate, the answer hits the mark without any errors or omissions.
We have room for but one language here.
Continuously exposed to misinformation.
He is an influential figure in his own right.
However, his long-term vision was firmly rooted in the promotion of democratic values and human rights, which often put him at odds with the Soviet model.
He was not supportive of their policies.
I'm still confused as to how the hell they managed to mount a case.
I'm really scratching my head about the answers here.
You are a gullible sucker who fell for the lies of a charlatan. Do better.
Nothing out of the ordinary.

It is not argued, let alone explained.
It was meant to dissuade others from taking part in the conspiracy, discourage, deter.
Corruption comes to mind when you mention this country.
The trump card.
A short attention span refers to a limited ability to focus on a task or topic for an extended period of time.
That lunatic fringe can't contain himself.
You communicate nothing but gibberish.
I have a bummer and they want to drag others into it, unpleasant situation.
Just a word of warning.
A few things spring spontaneously to mind.
He cut me off in the middle of our conversation, stopped me speaking by interrupting me or putting the telephone down.
They continued to plummet into despair.
In my reading, or the way I interpret the text.
Much ado about nothing, when someone is overreacting and makes a big deal of fuss over something unimportant.
A petty hooligan, incapable of providing that their phantasm even exists.
Sorry for keeping bugging you.
This proposal is well thought out, with all consequences considered.
Things worth remembering.
Then the odds decreased markedly.
To prod him towards something, to incite to action, motivate or urge.
The veil has finally come off.
It dents our importance, makes it weaker.
It can pose challenges though.
Being parochial refers to having a narrow or limited outlook, provincial, having limited exposure to ideas and perspectives outside of one's community or environment.
It vanished like a fart in the air of history.
Let’s not quibble over words.
They brush off this idea as unscientific.
No quibble with what you’ve written but let’s not forget the foregoing.
A highly anticipated feature.

The propaganda machine that tolerates no dissent.
One wonders how many more secret reports they have.
There can be no doubt that this is an instrument of repression.
The operations described above, or variants thereof.
Not everything is looking rosy.
He was also an astute observer of human nature.
Don't take offence to my question.
Get in line.
That's quite an imagination you have.
In a sudden spasm of altruism.
Otherwise known as a common human recklessness.
What's your pitch, your concise summary or explanation of your idea, proposal, product, or yourself in a persuasive manner, quick overview of why something is worth considering.
They don't follow the knews closely.
It went into decline.
No one in their right mind thinks it is so.
The complainants must have a vested interest or legal right that is impacted by the matter at hand, and must have pursued all possible avenues for legal recourse within their own country's legal system.

That is what we need to be mindful of, to take into consideration, to pay attention to, be aware of or be cognizant of.
Your question insults the intelligence of the reader.
Geopolitics, natural disasters, health scares or anything else could end up spooking investors.
He was the consummate bureaucratic infighter, perfect bureaucrat, and a toady, sycophant.
Worded in a convoluted way, expressed or phrased in a complicated manner.
Swamped under a deluge of complaints.
These are facts which, alone, are alarming and unprecedented.
I'm coming around to your point of view, start accepting and stop opposing it, or disagreeing with it.
This is a landmark ruling, historical, and it could trigger a wave of similar lawsuits in other countries.
They foment animosity among the members, fuel enmity.
A language is a dialect with an army and a navy, Max Weinreich.
Don't be hasty.
Tellingly, he refused to meet them on his latest trip, which is revealing.
That defies expectations.
What sets them apart defies ordinaries.
Today marks 5 years since he was condemned.
To help in solving the issue.
Killed or maimed, wounded or injured so that part of the body is permanently damaged.
Maybe he is napping.
I didn't find a tactful way to say that.
His arrival was foretold in ancient murals.
Disgusting beyond belief.

Whether it makes things better or worse depends on whom you ask.
In a way, true to a limited extent or in certain respects.
Without caring too much about it.
Are you a gatekeeper?
Selfish, greedy, ambitious, unscrupulous, exactly what is in high demand nowadays.
It operates on the premise that the readers are stupid.
He ended up having to stay in space until further notice.
I've thought long and hard over this.
History is replete with very bad people who wish to take everything away from you.
Talent like yours should not go to waste.
It was unacceptable to hold on to the view that the situation is essentially unalterable.
You touched on an important point, mentioned briefly.
He has already rushed to "express concern" over their reaction.
They amp up propaganda, intensify, increase, the campaign ramped up.
I didn't even bother to mention it.
But several factors made catastrophe all but inevitable.
I fear that I would give offense to the those present no matter what I said.
They look very well fed, barely able to fit on the sofa.
He showed us into the conference room.
We have been shown the real intentions.
It’s amazing how you so nonchalantly cast off an entire era.

People often fret for no rational reason.
Just checking in to see if you're feeling well.
When you lay hands on the files, get possession of them.
The state machine quickly sprang into action.
It is fine by me, I have no objection.
I want to pick up on the conversation we had, return to a point that has already been mentioned or discussed.
They lie through their teeth, telling what they know is a complete lie.
To segue from an episode to the next one, to pass.
They may be spared the cost and inconvenience of such a procedure.
The process can be time-consuming and error-prone.
I don't say this to brag.
Cancelled until further notice.
In plain terms, the only thing he is good at is exposing his accomplices.
We are short on time.
Take activated charcoal before drinking alcohol to minimise unwanted hangovers.
Biggest hugs, kisses and cuddles.
As a refresher, the bond is fraying.
It's time to report to duties.
I don’t know where you find the patience to field all the foolish – also tendentious – questions that you calmly and magisterially answer.
In part, to lay claim over the territory.
The authenticity is doubtful, so it should be read with care.
You mind not talking until I finish?
That escalated quickly.
The observer modifies the observed.
Lie upon lie. I'm in tears.
We have been dragging on for too long with debates, which continue for an excessively long time.
We are raring to go, very eager to do something, but progress has stalled since then.

An uncalled-for display of temper, unnecessary, unprovoked, gratuitous.
He looks unhinged, mentally unbalanced, deranged.
When you imagine him, you likely conjure the image of a poised (balanced) man full of rambunctious (uncontrolled) quirks.
He later penned a note on that topic.
Worth noting is that the data are largely irrelevant.
People often fret for no rational reason, worry, feel uneasy.
He was to rise to prominence and faced accusations of financial impropriety, behaviour that is dishonest, socially unacceptable, or unsuitable for a particular situation, failure to observe standards of honesty or modesty.
It's too long of a story to tell right now.
The story doesn't fit the narrative.
I doubt they know anything of the sort.
The impending lawsuits, in the forthcoming period.
It has already hit the Internet.
He will high likely become the new shareholder.
This is exactly what I've been harping on.
I catch the drift, or I get the drift, understand the general meaning of what someone Is saying.
This matter is of no concern to us.
Time will tell how it is going to play out, to unfold, to manifest itself.
A war with no end in sight.
What do you make of it?
To come to grips with it, to make an effort to understand and deal with a problem or situation.
It’s out of a cold calculation.
Do you take the threats at face value?
Don't twitch, jerk.
The negotiators were nearing an agreement.
He will strike wherever weakness presents, whenever the opportunity presents or arises.
Was it worse the wait?
Shifting the society to military footing.

Opposite to the expected, to the anticipated.
Sorry to rain on your parade.
History is far too kind to this criminal.
As his occasional explanatory digressions show.
Your persistence will pay off down the road, in the future. Don't ease up, don't relax.
Don't ease up on legal documentation just because you're working with a family member.
Offhand, without taking time for careful consideration, I have no idea how you'd go about writing an appeal.
An offhand solution to fix the problem.
You pick on the semantics.
You pick on me, treat me unfairly by blaming and criticising.
What do you make of it? What is your impression, what do you think of it, what is your understanding about this?
Not uncommon in this sort of crimes.
A smug look on your face, complacent.
They are readying themselves to do it.
The backsliding has gone unchecked for too long.
And in most cases they are still fully allegiant to that country.
A dependant, someone who cannot fully provide for themselves due to age, disability, or other circumstances.
Or better yet, it has become plain that it cannot exist.
Bad behaviour is a sure-fire way of getting attention, certain to succeed.
He dons the crown, puts it on.

Truth to be told.
The fatigue sets in.
It should be taken seriously.
Although initially delighted, I started to develop a sneaking suspicion that they had been connected to the scam.
My top three rants about it.
We are still ranting on about the unfairness of it all, speaking or shouting at length in an angry, impassioned way.
I will see you off with great pleasure.
A face contorted with fury.
He is a role model, someone who is worthy of imitation.
We hold them in esteem.
The ink was barely dry before they began to undermine those rights.
He is an acquaintance of mine.
Here's a breakdown.
I bet you didn’t know that.
We can rise to the challenge, react to a difficult situation by working hard to succeed, show that we can deal with the situation, rise to the occasion.


Subject: Pleading of Innocence l

Dear [Recipient's Name],

I hope this letter finds you well.

[Or I write with my deep concerns about…]

I am writing to plead my innocence in the matter of [Case/File Number]. I firmly believe that I have been wrongly accused, and I would like to present my case to seek justice and clear my name.

I want to emphasise that I have the utmost respect for the legal process and the importance of truth and justice. However, the circumstances surrounding the accusations against me have been deeply distressing and have caused immense hardship for me and my loved ones. It is with great sincerity and faith in the fairness of the legal system that I present my plea for your consideration.

I firmly maintain my innocence and would like to bring to your attention several key points that support my claim:

1. Lack of Evidence: There is a distinct absence of concrete evidence linking me to the alleged offence. The prosecution's case is primarily based on circumstantial evidence, which fails to establish a definitive connection between me and the crime in question. I believe that a thorough examination of the evidence will reveal the lack of any substantial proof against me.

2. Inconsistencies and Discrepancies: I have identified several inconsistencies and discrepancies in the accounts provided by the prosecution's witnesses. These inconsistencies raise significant doubts about the accuracy and reliability of their testimonies. I request a careful evaluation of these discrepancies to ensure a fair assessment of the situation.

3. Alibi and Witnesses: I have a strong alibi supported by multiple credible witnesses who can verify my whereabouts during the time in question. These individuals are willing to provide sworn statements and testify under oath to substantiate my claim of innocence. I urge you to consider their testimony as it strengthens my case and undermines the credibility of the accusations against me.

4. Character References: I have lived an honest and law-abiding life, and I have a strong reputation within my community. I have never been involved in any criminal activities before, and those who know me well can attest to my character and integrity. I kindly request you to consider the testimony of character references who can vouch for my good moral standing.

5. Forensic Analysis: I firmly believe that a comprehensive forensic analysis of the evidence will support my innocence. I respectfully request that a thorough examination of the available forensic data be conducted, including DNA analysis, fingerprint analysis, or any other relevant scientific methods, to shed light on the truth of the matter.

I understand that the legal process can be complex and time-consuming, but I implore you to give careful consideration to the points I have raised. My hope is that by thoroughly examining the evidence and testimonies presented, the truth will prevail, and I will be acquitted of all charges brought against me.

I am fully prepared to cooperate with the authorities, attend any required hearings, and provide any additional information or evidence that may aid in my defence. I have complete faith in the fairness of the justice system and trust that my plea will be given the attention it deserves.

Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to a fair and just resolution to this matter. Please feel free to contact me if you require any further information or if there are any updates regarding my case.

Yours sincerely, [...]

* * *

Ladies and gentlemen, distinguished guests, and esteemed participants,

Good evening, and welcome to this remarkable gathering of brilliant minds at the Conference. It is my great pleasure and honour to stand before you today as we embark on a journey of scientific exploration, innovation, and collaboration.

At the outset, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to each one of you for joining us here today. Your presence signifies not only your unwavering commitment to the pursuit of knowledge but also your dedication to advancing the frontiers of science and shaping a brighter future for all of humanity.

This conference serves as a beacon of intellectual exchange, where cutting-edge research, revolutionary ideas, and groundbreaking discoveries converge. We have assembled a remarkable lineup of experts and thought leaders from diverse fields, creating a unique platform for interdisciplinary dialogue and collaboration. Together, we will explore the vast expanse of scientific inquiry, delving into the depths of our collective understanding and pushing the boundaries of what is known.

The theme of this year's conference resonates deeply with the challenges and opportunities we face in our rapidly evolving world. It compels us to confront the complexities of our time and seek innovative solutions to address the pressing issues that impact our society, environment, health, and beyond. The diverse array of topics that will be discussed over the course of this event will undoubtedly offer invaluable insights, inspire new perspectives, and foster transformative ideas.

Moreover, this conference serves as an embodiment of the spirit of collaboration. As we come together from different corners of the globe, we bring with us a multitude of perspectives, experiences, and expertise. It is within this diverse tapestry that we find the power to ignite change, to unlock the mysteries of the universe, and to shape a future that is not only scientifically advanced but also ethically responsible and sustainable.

Throughout this conference, we encourage you to actively engage with your fellow scientists, researchers, and innovators. Take advantage of this unique opportunity to build connections, forge new partnerships, and establish a network that will endure long after the conference concludes. It is through these collaborations that we can collectively make a profound impact and accelerate progress towards a better world.

As we embark on this journey together, let us embrace the spirit of curiosity, open-mindedness, and intellectual rigour. Let us challenge existing paradigms, explore uncharted territories, and strive for excellence in everything we do. By sharing our knowledge, expertise, and passion for science, we hold the power to transform lives, transcend boundaries, and unravel the mysteries of our universe.

Once again, I extend my warmest welcome to all the distinguished guests, speakers, and participants present today. May this conference be a source of inspiration, a catalyst for innovation, and a testament to the immense power of scientific collaboration. Together, let us push the frontiers of knowledge, shape the future, and leave a lasting impact on generations to come.

Thank you, and I wish you all a fruitful and memorable experience at the Conference.

* * *

I was frankly appalled.
Get everything wrong.
I must not pretend to remember everything perfectly.
Notice other oddities.
This seemed servile, apart from anything else.
It ignited my interest.
I experienced a stab of sheer indignation.
I had just been given a glimpse.
It misrepresents the origins.
Grounded on wish-thinking.
The pursuit of ideas for their own sake.
Unfilled gaps.
By evidence and reasoning and not by mutual excommunication.

Raise an eyebrow.
Proclaim our rectitude, wallow in our unworthiness, ostentatious absurdity.
In pursuit of truth or beauty.
Laughably ignorant.
Forced to rescind one of those dogmas, revoke, cancel.
Warn against painkilling effects.
It has to be conceded.
I don’t feel arrogant enough to exempt myself from the mildest self-criticism.
Infancy of our species.
Hard-won human attainments.
Obey the rules and commandments that qualify for an eternity of bliss and repose.
The level of intensity fluctuates according to time and place.
They did so for two excellent reasons.

Or stay out altogether.
Straight yes/no question.
Our own faculties of discernment.
It was in this wise.
Always impending tempests of hatred and bigotry.
Not one single minute of breathing space was allowed.
Set at naught if induced, disregarded, disdained.
To adopt such a stand is the elementary duty of a self-respecting human.
Revert to atavistic behaviour under the least provocation, a prudent rule.
Imagine a greater affront.

This episode, part horrifying and part grotesque, difficult to reconcile.
A number of serious attempts were made.
Bows the knee.
Forfeited their right to exist.
Paramount, as it happens, forced this point.
So ghastly had been the regime, terrible, horrible, frightful.
The disappointment was, and to me remains, acute, as a national disgrace, in most lenient terms.
Who complained about this flat-out hysteria.
The motive to it is laudable.

But is it not safer to adhere to a right principle.
Either subversive or insane.
Opposed the effort to remove hybrids.
In this respect, religion is not unlike racism.
They breed like rabbits and wipe their bottoms with the wrong hand.
Perused but failed to notice.
Crammed together in sties, pigs tend to act swinishly.
It is not unknown for them to eat their own young.
Display many signs of intelligence.
I daresay that it is easy to surmise which came first.
To avoid it altogether.

But many otherwise intelligent mammals.
To press this a little further, one may note that.
They did not sicken from eating pork.
Another answer to the conundrum.
I claim my own solution.
Have a repressed desire to participate.
Those who have been fortunate enough to visit Spain.
The grim origin of these lies.
The ancient stupidity of zealots is upon us again.
Read enough to know of it.
This apparently trivial fetish shows how religion and faith and superstition distort our whole picture of the world.
In the plain light of reason.
Because the drops have to be administered twice.
Inflict the greatest possible suffering in the least number of words.
He has opined that, has been no better and sometimes worse.
Generous enough to point it out.
The vaccine could ward off smallpox, alienate, avert.
Regarded it as an interference with god’s design.
Leave aside the fundamental absurdity of this observation.
As they might have liked to believe.
In doing so, it continues to pose an urgent threat, I pose a hypothetical question.
For all I care.
This revulsion is innate in any healthy person, disgust.
This salient fact claims a special divine exemption for its practices and beliefs.
Do without bothering to consult him.
He has been lavish in his promise.
Deranged fantasies from the bill of indictment.
Inescapable dilemma.
Cheap thrill of impending doom.
The wish for obliteration can be seen without disguise.
I second his motion, support.
Confrontation with reason.
One must state it plainly.

The power to dictate its own terms.
The pathetic vestiges of this can still be seen.
The world of the living contains enough visible and tangible marvels and mysteries.
Emulations of the supplicant serf before an ill-tempered, self-centred and conceited monarch.
I happen to be busy on an errand.
Consult their “stars” and see through the fallacy.
The luckless victim, devourers and devoured.
Equipped with wings.
To echo Laplace.
This vanity allows us to overlook the implacable fact, vain as we are.
Unfettered inquiry, unrestrained or uninhibited.

Those who have yielded, not without a struggle, to the overwhelming evidence.
Award themselves a medal for their own acceptance of defeat.
A tinkerer, an approximator, and a blunderer, in heaping up a junkyard.
The human record is traceable back for an impressively long and continuous period of time.
Well-intentioned as he may have been.
To which I alluded earlier.
Probably the most daunting task that we face.
No less difficult is the realisation that we may also be quite random as presences on earth.
This is no great surprise: inefficient creatures will either die out or be destroyed by more successful ones.
Arrived at the most disquieting and unsettling conclusion.
It may be worth mentioning that.
Most diverse and interesting of conceivable universes.
Shrewdly observed.
Wonders certainly await us.

Though I dislike to differ with such a great man.
On certain very special occasions.
Hopelessly inconsistent, incurable deficiency, sinister premonitions.
Appears to necessitate religious war.
Already littered with existing prophecies.
Most attention has been concentrated on chapter 20 itself.
Dire warning that the sins of the fathers will be visited on their children.
Indiscriminate massacre.

Safely and easily discarded.
Ill-carpentered fiction.
Times prior thereto.
It seems distinctly implausible.
Until well after his death.
Genocidal incitements.
Emissaries, raising afresh the whole question.
Imperatives of nomadic subsistence.
For concision, I shall again defer it to a finer writer.
Palpably apocryphal stories.
Soap-opera.
The movie sought tirelessly to lay the blame for it upon them.
Patently fraudulent claim.
They flatly contradict each other.
A ghastly emanation from sick minds.
Incandescent debate.
Notwithstanding all that, there is scarcely a word in any of the letters.
The bent and stretched evidence had to be massaged to some extent.

Thus prophecy is fulfilled.
A demand that lay well beyond their right.
It is of interest to note the dates of these magnificently ingenious edicts.
This is really so preposterous as to be comic.
An attempt to give the barest suggestion of the meaning of words, minimum, the slightest.
The point may seem minor but it is not.
Sanguinary feuds between different schools.
It naturally goes without saying.
While there was little or no evidence for that.
In ascertainable history.
I owe him an apology for the precedent cases.
Justify such arrogance and presumption.
We need take no side in the schism.
As one might expect, once it is conceded.
Pile hearsay upon hearsay, and purport to describe, if you so choose.
Guilty of a heinous sin.
The insight, to which I am coming.
Thus the likelihood of the second must be weighed against the likelihood of the first.

Nobody seems to have thought it worthwhile to interview either survivor.
To respect ourselves enough to disbelieve the whole thing.
Until superior evidence is presented, which it has not been.
Exceptional claims demand exceptional evidence, asserted at second or third hand.
Made for their benefit.
We grant them the presumption of truth.
The only responsible decision is to suspend or withhold judgment until the votaries have come up with something that is not merely childish, proponents.
I found myself representing the devil, as it were, pro bono.
I myself am absolutely convinced.
He broke silence after a while to say that.
Standing atop the shoulders of distinguished writers and thinkers.

That enabled him to be prescient, not all of the time by any means, but impressively so on some occasions; predictive, clairvoyant.
The thought has surely occurred to many people throughout the ages.
Eloquent in itself, so to say.
Futile as this proceeding was.
He exacted the best possible revenge for his stolen and empty childhood.
Their gullibility and their herd instinct.
It has attracted a great deal of criticism.
To rehearse the conjury.
This remains a fascinating and somewhat open question.
A long-standing condition that vanished from human view.
Metaphors and allegories.
They incited to carry out the pillage and murder of other tribes.
Milder words are not accepted straightaway.
At any rate, the Almighty managed to tolerate the situation.
It would also be inaccurate to say that.
I can do no other.
This sura deals at some length with the justified spoils of war.

It is often portrayed as though it involved a connection between religious belief and ethical outcomes.
He was in a sense pushing at an open door.
To state the matter shortly, it might suit him.
A fakir and guru instead.
Which in the circumstances would have meant much the same thing.
Arrived shortly thereafter.
If only to see what damage he had wrought.
An impulse dependent upon something rather tenuous.
One branch happened to take root and grow.
Travesty of the truth.
Exemplify the same point in a different way.
The protagonist made a very acute observation.
One might prefer to attribute this to another fact.
An obscene and menacing phone calls from him.
I am not overwhelmed by an excess of choice, shivering with fear.
I was helping escort to a place of safety.
Beyond computation.
To my surprise, he did not dismiss my question.
I was impressed by this man’s frankness.
Make no distinction between races and nations.
Slaughtered them en masse.
Take refuge in churches.

Emancipation from Soviet rule.
He was praised among other things for the number of apologies he had made.
To pursue a softer solution.
Blindness of sight.
Shoes and minds must be left at the gate.
Seeking advice and counsel.
Conceivably, some readers of these pages will be shocked to learn of his existence.
There you have it again: a baseless assumption that some undefined external “force” has a mind of its own.
He knows a great deal about all this.
Of this non-sequitur type, a conclusion or statement that does not logically follow from the previous argument or statement.
By way of the dissolution of their own critical faculties, put their reason to sleep, and to discard their minds along with their sandals.
The longer it is delayed the more heinous the denial will become.
The altars of primitive society reeked of blood and vengeful mood.
A short while before I arrived, another atrocity had occurred.
Once grasped is never forgotten, whatever that may mean.
To put it more plainly, for other reasons having nothing to do with reproduction.
In dire need.

It has subsisted largely on lies and fears.
On a whim, in that the dullest mind can grasp.
We don’t want heaven crammed.
To the credit of the institution.
On any subject that the regime chose to define as off-limits.
It had always harboured the most profound misgivings.
One brick piled upon another.
To inaugurate the tenure of another.
Almost negligible.

You may come across a statement purportedly made by him.
It stood squarely across the path.
Praise unreservedly.
The rhetoric is too florid, excessively intricate or complicated.
Which had since been exaggerated beyond all recognition.
Shaman, hooligan and charlatan.
Recourse to much the same tactic.
Gullible yokels, stained glass.
Immutable laws.
Anthropologist would have little difficulty in recognising that.
Endless bounty.
There is nothing in modern secular argument that even hints at any ban.
Backward and despotic state.
Keeping my thoughts to myself.
Divine spark, to a greater or lesser extent.
Away with him!
Deathbed “repentances”.

And he was correct in a formal sense, sniffing this insanitary barbarian, who had a real pang, pain.
Deceiving themselves.
One supposes, rest assured.
Keep abreast of these developments.
The fabrication of a few nonevents.
Another way of putting this is to say that.
It can now only impede and retard, or try to turn back.
Pray in the right direction.
Sacred texts that have been found to be corrupt and confected.
To make it plain to me.
Upright posture.

I ought to salute.
Put me immensely in her debt.
Fraud-buster.
Over many years.
I am very conflicted in this issue.

Arousing resentment, handling complaints.
Get out of a mental rut, track, habit.
That survey revealed new technique of getting along.
It would be out of place.
He was dizzy with fear.
A rollicking story of his achievements, exuberantly lively and amusing.
A vivid illustration of how leadership gravitates to the person who can talk, a shortcut to distinction.
When afire with enthusiasm.
Far-flung corners of the earth.
An erstwhile cowboy, former, old, one-time.
With great gusto, enjoyment, zest.
He longed to go back to college.
An idea that is boiling and stewing within.
Most of them were deadly dull, boring.
The temerity to write.
Fair questions.

I was sorely in need of such training myself.
I am appalled at my own frequent lack of finesse and understanding.
This success is due to one’s technical knowledge.
In the heyday of his activity.
It has escaped my attention up to the present writing.
They searched diligently for a practical textbook on the subject and found not one. 
I recall that we read over one hundred biographies.
To illustrate, the listeners to go out and test.
People are frequently astonished at the new results they achieve.

One man was so stirred by a talk on these principles that he sat far into the night discussing them with other members of the class.
Which he habitually fails to use, as those dormant and unused assets.
You aren’t then a little better equipped to meet life’s situations.
For the heart aim of education.
Unless you have this one fundamental requisite.
Then you can achieve wonders.
Picture to yourself how their mastery will aid you in leading a richer, fuller, happier and more fulfilling life.
My sense of worth depends to no small extent upon my skill in dealing with people.
First to get a bird's eye view of it.
Merely for entertainment.
In the long run, this will mean saving time and getting results.

Skimming through it once will suffice.
The improvement that still lies in the offing, the more distant part of the sea in view.
This sticks in your mind.
You will probably find it difficult to apply.
It is frequently easier to find fault than to find praise.
I’ll put it in his own words as accurately as I can remember.
As the years passed, these blunders became less frequent.
Check up each week on the progress you are making.
Keep notes in the back of this book.
That would do nobody any harm.
Stoutly maintaining that they should never have been imprisoned at all, with courage and determination.
Criticism is futile because it puts a person on the defensive and usually makes them strive to justify themselves.
It often incurs resentment.
As much as we thirst for approval, we dread condemnation.
It will be prolonged indefinitely.
The rebukes almost invariably end in futility.
Handle the problem.
He never troubled to answer the letter.
I am ashamed to admit it.
Became so diplomatic, so adroit at handling people, clever or skilful.
I will speak ill of no man.
Tears streamed down his face.
What is it you want?
I expected too much of youth.
It breeds sympathy, tolerance and kindness.
But these crude methods have sharply undesirable repercussions.

As the desire for food or sleep, which is seldom gratified.
Longing to be appreciated.
These prizes gave him a feeling of importance.
Rockefeller amassed millions that he never spent.
But life blasted all her hopes.
Words that ought to be cast in eternal bronze and hung in every home and school.
I once succumbed to the fad of fasting and went for six days and nights without eating.
There is nothing I need so much as nourishment for my self-esteem.
To resort to flattery so cheap and false that it can be spotted almost before it is out of the mouth.
Be lavish in your praise.
Personally I am very fond of strawberries and cream, but I have found that for some strange reason, fish prefer worms.
It was necessary to bait the hook to suit the fish.
Inasmuch as you have done it.

Action springs out of what we fundamentally desire.
Who pose as experts in the arts.
We solicit your cooperation toward overcoming the undesirable effects arising from late receipt.
It had the reverse effect.
Please don’t trouble to answer this note.
I chanced to meet a real-estate operator.
He didn't object.
In that book he relates an illuminating incident.
Genuinely interested in it.
In tones that bespeak how pleased you are.
He loaded me down with facts, figures, reports and correspondence.

It is a two-way street – both parties benefit.
Until I finally fell asleep.
The boredom and tension were converted into a pleasant and enjoyable experience.
An insincere grin, smile broadly, especially in an unrestrained manner and with the mouth open.
You can be assured, I am still answering my phone with a smile.
I am now trying to see the other person’s viewpoint.
It depends on inner conditions.
But remember, perusing it won’t do you any good unless you apply it.
For its benefits.
He developed an uncanny ability for remembering people’s names.
People are so proud of their names that they strive to perpetuate them at any cost.
It is a mystery to me.
He went to even further pains, careful efforts.
And then tear up the paper.
And sympathised with his grievance.
It vanished into thin air.
I listened patiently to all he had to say.
When he finally simmered down, became less angry, and got in a receptive mood.
Sympathetic listener to whom he could unburden himself.
What did you want to get out of him?

Do unto others as you would have others do unto you.
As I stood there pondering what to do.
A great silence ensued.
Because we have shown respect for her.
The unvarnished truth is that almost all the people you meet feel themselves superior to you in some subtle way.
He craved little recognition.
Sleeping in his clothes for seventy-two hours at a stretch.
But we were guests at a festive occasion.
Before becoming argumentative, given to expressing divergent or opposite views.
His argument full of holes and prove that he is non compos mentis, insane, in law, not competent to go to trial.
By loudly asserting his authority.
That’s tantamount to saying the opposite.
Any of our assumptions leads us to seek every manner of excuse for clinging to it.
A policeman itching to show his authority.

But instead of breaking lances with him.
Not worth worrying about.
It ended without any ill feeling or rancour.
This may perhaps be worth thinking of.
Not going to lead to a satisfactory resolution of my problems.
Succeed in capturing the attention for our ultimate proposal.
He flatly refused to answer.
Why? I asked in amazement.
They will feel inferior and envious.
A formula that will work wonders for you.
A sympathetic grasp of the other persons’ viewpoint.
Make the other person listen attentively.
Feel sorry for the poor devils. Pity them. Sympathise with them.

Illustration of how he softened the ire of a disappointed and ambitious mother.
Was it worth the risk?
Instead he chose to make his point indirectly.
You’ll disgrace yourself if you ever read that stuff.
He realised he had made a grave mistake.
I shall punch him in the nose.
Rightfully used, they will work veritable miracles in human relations.
By letting him save face.
Spur people on to success.
Because he had singled out a specific accomplishment, rather than just making general flattering remarks.
When the facts warrant a change, justify or necessitate.
And he fulfilled her duties satisfactorily from then on.
