All the more, (much) the more so, a fortiori.
The man of prejudice is, a fortiori, a man of limited mental vision.
Just a tip of the iceberg.
The gist, essence, central theme, nub, crux, kernel, point at a matter.
You jest, surely? (fool around, joke).
It leaves us with the question... as you may have it guessed.
Expanding deficits is the corollary to any new spending program.
A (tough) hard nut to crack. To crack the problem.
Whatever the reasons behind the claim, continuation.

To take its toll on - cause damage, harm, loss or destruction, take its tribute.
The war has taken its toll on both sides - The heavy traffic has taken its toll on the highways.
Large portion of the additional warmth.
The work regarded as her outstanding achievement.
He felt at ease with the group.
One can easily cast doubt on his understanding.
He did not reciprocate.
This inspired us to engage more closely with your project.
Haughtiness, quite conceited, narcissistic, arrogant.
Succumb - acquiesce, fail to resist pressure or temptation, submit, yield, surrender - the latest to succumb to commands.
Intercede - intervene on behalf of another.
Which sources its information from specific websites.
To let out a stream of crude, violent and satirical invective (against somebody).

Be slammed for whitewashing his crimes.
Overly critical, judgemental.
We are not complacent (self-satisfied, conceited) about this position.
How did all this come about (happen)? Take place - come to pass.
Gaze, look closely, peer into (gaze into) the sky.
Applications, to be considered on their individual merits.
Problems have built up over decades.

Civil rights will be curtailed (restricted) and corruption will remain entrenched (deeply ingrained, established, deep-seated).
The government systematically clamped down on media and internet freedom.
Behind the bluster (masquerade), the torchbearer.
It casts an image of a strong and powerful country.
This is not an issue that can be resolved by invoking authority.

If we all pull together we should get the job done.
They deprecate it as unscientific (show disapproval, protest).
Platitude is a banality (or commonplace) used too often.
A foregone conclusion, which is formed in advance of argument or consideration.
It bears witness of the crime.
Settle scores amongst former partners.

Adversarial proceedings - burden of proof, independent and impartial tribunal, established by law; equality of arms; no proper or sufficient reasons for decisions; right to confront witnesses; unfair and unequal legal proceedings; absence of legal certainty; principle of - audi alteram partem - adversarial/contradictoriality, presumption of innocence.
To wrong the defendant, to act unjustly and dishonestly.
The admission of guilt, statement that it is true.
To contend that... to submit that... to assert, I put to you that.
A tort, a wrongdoing to cause damage or inflict injury, for what the wrongdoer can be sued.
The judge has commuted the sentence.

Motion to quash is an application to the court to set aside the complaint, indictment or subpoena due to a lack of probable cause.
Quash a conviction, acquit the accused, to set aside or annul a conviction that was previously imposed.
A barrister specialises in courtroom litigation, which is different to a solicitor who has direct contact with clients for instructions. Barristers are usually instructed by solicitors.
A count is the distinct charge in an indictment.
Court transcript is a written record of all that was said and done during the course of a hearing.
Hearsay evidence is based on what has been reported to a witness by others rather than what he has himself observed or experienced.
I put it to you that... I submit that... I contend that.
Indictable offence is an offence making one liable to be indicted.
Mitigating circumstances, for a commuted sentence.
Self-incriminating evidence.
Privileged information is details or information that is legally protected against disclosure.
Objective elements are elements that are based on facts rather than thoughts or opinions.
Ex parte hearing is a hearing done in in the absence of a party.

The aggrieved is the person in need of protection.
The respondent (defendant) is the party who responds to a claim filed in court against them by a plaintiff.
The appellant is the person who makes an appeal.
Self-representation - where parties conduct their own case, without a third party representing them in the tribunal.
Also referred to as litigant in person.

Felonies include arson, rape, perjury and homicide.
Malfeasance (wrongdoing or misconduct by a public official) includes dishonesty and abuse of authority.
An intentional tort may also be a crime, such as battery, fraud or theft. Tort law is one of the largest areas of civil law.
Moral turpitude - behaviour that is contrary to accepted rules of behaviour.
This mitigated (made less severe, less sensible or serious, or painful) the effects.
Always around the corner. Fait accompli.

Despite efforts to avoid (shun) the spotlight (a beam of light from a lamp) - limelight, crosshair, centre of attention.
Law-enforcement agencies. 
Refused or deflected requests to comment for this allegation.
He uses the courts to silence critics.
Under surveillance by Interpol.

They were ousted (dismissed, deprived) from their positions or possessions.
The perpetrator and his proxies, allies.
Beyond the reach of Moldovan authorities.
His reputation was smeared with dirt.
This smears him. Sully his name.

That move upended a deal under which the coalition parties had divided up government agencies.
Inadvertently (by mistake, not resulting from or achieved through deliberate planning).
Grasping, greedy; avaricious power-hungry individuals, crafty, and unprincipled.
A precursor person or event, a forerunner.
This is a reminiscent of...

The scourge of corruption. Fight against corruption, to curb corruption, eradicate.
Vast tobacco smuggling operations.
The situation seems stalemated (in chess) between the two parts.
They maintain the informal alignment with the Communists.
Ring fencing.
This upended (set to an end or upside down) the situations.
Until the events giving rise to this complaint...

Cases might appear unexceptional, but on careful scrutiny they display such a wanton disregard for domestic law, domestic procedure and natural justice, as to amount to an arbitrary, discriminatory and lawless taking of the Applicants' private property.
Cases raising the same issues.
It purports to guarantee the rule of law, which have proved to be theoretical and illusory.
Parliament enacted law no. XXX abolishing the Economic Courts.
However the Court has never previously addressed squarely (in a direct and uncompromising manner; without equivocation) the issue of corruption of Moldovan Courts.

The concerted raider attack with which this application is concerned was carried out successfully, and in secret, against a number of companies and private individuals.
Separate legal proceedings brought, ostensibly (apparently or purportedly), by the shareowners.
The court ordered that... should be transferred to...
Those appeals and subsequent appeals to the Supreme Court were unsuccessful, and gross distortions of Moldovan private law were upheld by those courts.
The Court is respectfully referred to...
enabled the proceedings to be concealed until the judgments could be enforced.

To be impartial, there must be no prejudgment or appearance of prejudgment… guarantees sufficient to exclude any legitimate doubt in this matter.
As regards judicial independence...
As regards the requirement of the "appearance of independence", this entails an objective test, bearing in mind the importance of justice not only being done, but be seen to be done...
Tribunal vested with jurisdiction to determine the matter... substantial disadvantage vis-a-vis the opposing party… aware of the orchestrated nature of the litigation...
The lack of impartiality manifested itself in, and is to be inferred from, amongst other things, the facts and matters set out above and the following... gross distortion and misapplication of the substantive law and the Code of Civil Procedure with the purpose and effect of defeating the Applicants' cases before the Courts and destroying their proprietary rights and interests.

Serious procedural irregularities in each of the Five Cases.
Secrecy was central to the success of the raider attack.
Until the AGM itself or very shortly beforehand.
In either case, the process of summonsing was a sham.

These findings departed from Moldovan law and were manifestly erroneous and perverse.
The manifestly ill-founded interpretation of...
Two additional considerations underscore (underline) this perversity.
Another aspect (facet) of this issue further illustrates the operation of judicial bias.

Peaceful enjoyment of his possessions.
A preemption decision cannot be legitimate in the absence of adversarial proceedings that comply with the principle of equality of arms.
For the reasons there set forth, it is submitted that the Applicants have been deprived of their proprietary rights and interests in the Bank arbitrarily and unlawfully in violation of...
Case management and unlawful conduct.
Part of the same conspiracy, the Applicants have been subjected to politically motivated criminal proceedings after complaining publicly about... biased and grossly unfair trials... misconduct.

It is especially noteworthy that... in the light of...
This makes clear the extent of the subversion of the rule of law... as opposed to the culture of impunity.
and lack of protection of human rights... of utmost importance...
any form of pressure intended to hinder the exercise of the right.

The Government appears powerless to tackle the improper influence and the large-scale raider attacks.
Acting as public watchdogs.
The Court is requested to have regard to the likelihood that...
Institutions which guard democracy in Moldova.
This jeopardises the presumption of...

...with concern that justice in Moldova is gravely affected by corruption, and displays serious symptoms of political engagement... adverse impact of...
They have just learnt of further waves of raider attacks, which were targeted at shares held by...
...issued a judgment whereby the raider attack judgments directed against foreign investors were declared null and void...
He then went on to explain how certain agencies... the deficient mode... A sensitive metaphor.
Naming as official suspects.
Commenced on the direct instructions of the General Prosecutor.
This didn't inhibit him making a public highly prejudicial statement.
Events in response to...

This is the subject matter of cases no. ... shares were divested from the nominees... (straw men).
The alleged police incident do not correspond to facts.
The allegation concerns the fact of… change-of-control clause.
Each party must be afforded a reasonable opportunity to present his case, under conditions that do not place him at a substantial disadvantage vis-a-vis the opposing party.
The previous case is relied upon mutatis mutandis in Viorel Topa's case.
Operating on the assumption that...

Amass information... he had amassed a huge fortune/plunder.
Looters moved into the area to plunder stores.
The farmers suffered the inhumanity and indignities of pillage (steal with violence) and plunder (misappropriated property).
Artworks pillaged from churches and museums.

This is no match for that...
Danger of collision impends.
Impending trouble (about to happen), he is poised to announce.
Tear the country apart (torn apart).
Or carved, cut in pieces.
We carve off a portion and wrap it up carefully in newspaper.

It remains bound to... 
religions are intertwined in the most bizarre (weird) fashion imaginable.
To limp toward... limp away now.
Protracted (longer than expected) reforms.
...is like witnessing a slow-motion train wreck.
There was a tussle (vigorous struggle) for the ball. A watered-down prospect. The real danger isn't Russia as such.
The flea market, selling secondhand goods.

This is arguably the most...
The pyramids outlasted (outlived) the civilisation that built them.
It purports to explain... interrelated cases.
Relations were strained (tense) by the conflict of their interests. Despite the rivalry... (feud, vendetta, strife, hostility).
To keep the cases bogged down in national litigations...
For dread of..., dreadfully, in front of the oppressors.

Quintessence. The oath was broken, begging for mercy. Held in check. Remove the intruder.
Alien to us.
To date, i.e., until now. To flex our muscles.
An idea spinning in his head.
To venture further...
Unshakeable determination. Scarce resources. Resource hungry. Momentous pleads.
Look up in the files. You are mocking us (treat with ridicule and contempt) - a mockery of the system.

To boost the moral.
One of the pillars of the system, maintray - tenet, principal belief.
To scout the enemy's defence.
He used a corrupt judiciary to defraud the bank of shares.
The burden of proof during the trial fell on the man who had accused.
Conclusive evidence - evidence that is so strong that it proves the point in question beyond a reasonable doubt.
Contempt of court - disobedience of the orders and authority of the court, disrespect for the court due process (of law).

Exoneration of...
False pretences - intentionally misrepresenting the facts in order to cheat or defraud someone.
The decisions that were made during the legal discussions were grounded in fact.
The new contract was written in accordance with the new employment law.
In bad faith - insincerely, with bad or dishonest intentions, with the intention to deceive someone.
In consideration of the amount of time that was spent on my case they charged me a lot of money.

In dispute - something that is in disagreement.
The new law has been in effect for three months now.
In kind - in goods rather than in money.
In lieu of being paid for our extra work we were given extra time off.
Invest (someone) with the power or legal right to (do something) - to give someone the power or right to do something.
A law unto oneself - someone who makes his or her own laws or rules.

The lawyer always likes to follow the letter of the law.
The judge accused the lawyer of moral turpitude because of the tactics that he used to defend his client.
Off the record - unofficial, informal.
Prima facie - at first view (prima facie is from Latin), something is assumed to be true in the absence of evidence to the contrary.
The sale of the house is subject to our getting a report from the housing inspector.
Turn a blind eye to (someone or something) - to pretend not to see someone who is doing something wrong, to pretend not to see something that may be troublesome.

Under a cloud (of suspicion) - to be suspected of doing something wrong or illegal.
Joint and several liability, in civil cases - where two or more people are found liable for damages.
He suborned (bribed) the others to commit... through bribery or other illegal methods, to induce or instigate (another) to commit perjury (to falsely testify, after the oath).
Vicarious liability - the liability of one person through the act of another.
With impunity - without risk of punishment.

A geographical area where law enforcement is practically impossible, because people ignore all rules, is called 'bandit territory'.
If you report an illegal or socially-harmful activity to the authorities, and give information about those responsible for it, you blow the whistle or you are a whistle-blower.
This term refers to an example which serves to illustrate, support or prove a point which is currently under discussion.
A kangaroo court is an illegal tribunal set up by a group of people who have taken the law into their own hands and conduct trials which deny fundamental justice.
Trying to achieve something by using underhand, deceitful or dishonourable means, that are barely within the law, is called sharp practice.
A smoking gun is a piece of evidence or the indisputable sign of someone's guilt.

A situation in which people are prepared to use unscrupulous methods in order to succeed or survive is called the law of the jungle.
If you have a vested interest in something, you have a strong personal interest in it because you stand to gain from it.
If someone is caught red-handed, they are caught in the act of doing something wrong such as cheating or stealing.
If you cover your tracks, you make sure no one can find evidence of what you've done.
If you fall from grace, you do something that results in a loss of respect and support, especially among those who influence your life or career.

We usually lodge a complaint in a court of law or a government office.
Because it is written in small text, fine print is usually overlooked or ignored.
Due process refers to the legal procedures that must be followed to protect the rights of an accused.
The owners were given a cease and desist order to stop operating further.
Each pledged to desist from (abstain from) acts of sabotage.
An a fortiori argument is an "argument from a stronger reason", meaning that because one fact is true, that a second related and included fact must also be true.

Audi alteram partem, Caveat emptor - let the buyer beware. Corpus delicti.
Dramatis personae - list of main characters.
If a contract is blatantly and obviously incorrect or illegal, it can be considered void ex facie without any further analysis or arguments.
Male fide - bad faith - a condition of being fraudulent or deceptive in act or belief.
This is pretty much a hash of works. In large part. Largely.
From then on it encumbers the company with invented debts.
Appearances deceive.

First in line with a sage advice. To spoil is also to cease by force, the spoils are trophy.
Put simply,... he boasts of his pedigree (humble origin, ancestry), given the fact that… defunct is no longer existing or functioning, non operational: now defunct.
Sources differ widely on... self-bestowed titles. One of the most notorious evil man, responsible for wiping out dynasties.
Untamed maniacal... summoned to the palace. A miracle had occurred. In essence, resist advances to somebody...
Malevolent influence. All fingers are pointing to... To what extent? Mitigate the risk, by incremental improvements.
It is a marvel to me.
Have a major serious drawback.
Thread of evidence, which needs to substantiate... ridiculed with contempt.
This absolves itself of proof.

To conduct a poll about... Bizarre/eccentric/screwy.
Boggy area, where you are bogged into... Tackle it straightaway. 
I'm baffled by... his stupidity.
It is seemingly (appears to be) pretty much the...
There is a lot of information missing. Not altogether flawless.
Boost of confidence...
Remotely akin to a divine spark, which is out of date (outdated).

Evacuate hopes. Highly suspicious and implausible.
Sheer outrage! Poisoning snake or spider. It was a scientific hoax (mystification).
What I treasure most... I depart from the premise that...
Get furious after this silly advice.
This sickens me! This keeps me in check! This catchy title was a mere release of rage!

Quite the opposite. Synopsis. Misanthropic = antisocial, sociopath, misanthrope.
Anguish is an acute suffering.
I don't give a damn about...
I'm not interested in! Delighted! Propitious circumstances/ground, combined.
Science supersedes religion. Explicitly and implicitly.
Suspect, achieve. We are enthralled by (endeared) the success.

Incessant, continuing without interruption, ceaseless.
Do you have any shred of evidence for any one of those assertions.
A jury of one's peers. It is no peer. To successfully sell their dogma.
Cannon fodder. Veracity of the story. Sacred cow.
To give credence to... it suffices to say.

It goes out the window. Your speech has always been sloppy (watery, watered down, full of water). Detour, an alternative route for use by traffic when the usual road is temporarily closed.
Leap of faith. Trespass on your time.
It is worth stressing... Handsome. Pop out or pop up!
Forceful argument. To pop into the existence, pop into view.
Supportive material. We are supportive of his attempts to...
A weirdo is an eccentric.
One species displaced the others.
Fiction displaces facts. This ruled out (eliminated) the possibility of...

To meet the deadline. Their hopes rest on...
Resurrect the old system. To bypass the obstacle.
Man is prone to superstitions... error-prone (disposed, susceptible). He seemed prone to forget.
A fortuitous encounter.
To pass on (convey, transmit, relinquish, hand over to)... I'll give you a lot of credits...
He laid the foundation stone... (bedrock), make monolithic contributions to.
He dissuaded him from...
Don't dump (cast, drop) your troubles on me! A sewage pipe that dumps in the ocean.
His car bumped a truck. She bumped into me. I'm keen to ask... fierce competition.

Harness the power of nature.
Awkward. This annoys us, we displease it.
To abandon or isolate with little hope of ready rescue or escape: The travellers were marooned.
This embodies the ideal of... Embodiment. The hall echoes the faintest sounds.
This echoed (reverberated) after a while. She has forsaken her country, way of living (renounced, abandon, desert, forgo).
Lofty, high, sublime, arrogant. The treasury could not forgo putting its fingers on that.
The candidate tapped into (gain access to; become friendly with) some wealthy supporters, tapped into a new market for their products.

The focal point of the conflict. They rudely suppressed the uprising/turmoil and many got jailed, facing uncertain future.
In vivid details. Grotesque - ludicrous - causing or deserving laughter because of absurdity; ridiculous; laughable.
The hikers geared up for (put on equipment or clothing for a particular purpose) the long trek down the mountain.
He had long nourished the dream of living abroad.
Boundless opportunities.
Endure all for the sake of... endure humiliation and persecutions.
Endured rather than enjoyed.
Devoured by the system.

This is a big blow to the EU and its principles. Broadly speaking, it was a decisive inducement (a thing that persuades or influences someone to do something).
To induce someone by misrepresentation, this induces (causes) laziness.
A recognition of a blandishment - a flattering or pleasing statement or action used to persuade/coax someone.
Threats emanating from Moldova.
A buzzword or buzz phrase - a technical word or phrase that has become fashionable, typically as a slogan.
Grim statistics. Everything hinges on (contingent on) this decision.
Contingent (possible) expenses, contingent (fortuitous, accidental) occurrences.
Chat with smbd, in addition, mess with smbd childish.
By sheer accident. The civil war forged a new nation, in stubborn resistance.

You caught me off-guard. Tycoon, magnate.
His questioner's audacity shocked the lecturer (boldness with disregard for personal safety).
The perfume was evocative of spring (serving to bring to mind, evocative of the golden ages, evocative ruins we see today, evocative of soviet practices).
This underpins my belief... The evidence underpins the argument.
The author's conclusions are underpinned by references to experimental findings.
To undergo (to be subjected to) deprivation or surgery.
To vindicate the imputations (charges imputed).
The charges levied against me.

A vibrant city. An elaborated plan or blueprint (excessively ornated).
Melted snow, hopes. The contenders. Impregnable fortification (stronghold, strong enough to withstand attack).
Delinquent - guilty of misdeed or offence - by law/commitment infracted.
Tax delinquent is tax due/outstanding.

Flamboyant speech. Dispel a myth.
He has a vested interest (strong reason to act).
Off topics, out of context, off the subject.
At the stretch of the fantasy. Blind spot.
An innumerable collection of malcontents (chronically dissatisfied) and undesirables.

Slip on the ice, slipping in the mud. Stumble on somebody (encounter by chance).
News tends to get stale, like a stale bread or water.
Rebut (refute, disprove): claim or prove that evidence or an accusation is false: he had to rebut charges of acting for the convenience of his political friends.
The right of last rebuttal always belonging to the defence counsel and the person brought to trial.
I hastened to rebut this slur (calumny).

Verbs followed by infinitive only: agree, appear, arrange, ask, choose, decide, demand, encourage, fail, forbid, force, hope, instruct, invite, learn, manage, offer, order, permit, persuade, plan, prepare, pretend, promise, refuse, remind, seem, swear, warn.
The verbs followed by gerund only: admit, consider, delay, dislike, enjoy, escape, excuse, finish, forgive, imagine, insist, keep, mind, miss, practise, prevent, risk, suggest, understand. 
Non-continuous or stative verbs: like, know, want, need, understand, seem, agree, mean, love, realise, fit, hate, suppose, contain, consist, prefer, believe, depend, remember, matter, mind, recognise, see, own, appear, look (=seem), sound, taste, smell, hear, astonish, deny, disagree, please, impress, satisfy, promise, surprise, doubt, think (=have an opinion), feel (=have an opinion), wish, imagine, concern, dislike, be, have, deserve, involve, include, lack, measure (=have length etc), belong, possess, owe, weigh (=have weight)
A pejorative word, having an unpleasant connotation.
A hostess who mingles diplomats with executives.

I was about to leave when the phone rang.
The bad weather accounts for (provide an explanation) the fact that few people came to the meeting.
As long as (on condition) you promise to be careful, you can borrow my car.
As to (with regard to) your question, I will answer it tomorrow.
My friend would be better off (be in better situation than before) if he sold his old car and bought a new one.
We tried to break down (divide into parts) the problem for further study.

I finally figured out how to use the new computer software.
My friend is having trouble getting through (to complete) her final exams.
The accountant will go over (examine, review) our books tomorrow.
Recently, my friend has been hanging out (spending time) with a bad group of people.
I will take my umbrella in case it rains.

The manager's new proposal makes sense (seems reasonable).
Regardless of (without considering) the weather, we are going to go fishing tomorrow morning.
I forgot my book at home but I will go and get it right away (immediately).
We decided to rule Monday out (eliminate) as the day to have our meeting.
The mechanic ran into (encountered) trouble when he was fixing my car.
What time did your friend show up (appear, arrive) for the party?
I hope that everything will work out (end successfully) for my friend when she moves next month.

He will surely be struck off the rolls (to disbar) if this conduct continues.
Miss the boat. Cut corners. Put wool over other people's eyes. Speak of the devil! Caught between two stools.
Keep an eye on... Lay down (specify, set forth) the terms and solid evidence.
Principles and purposes enshrined in the Convention. Stealth taxes.
A verisimilar and thrilling tale. Shipwreck debris.

Nightmare. The ability to perceive objects in a certain way appears to be hardwired into the brains of mammals.
Ingrain, implant, impress, infuse deeply in mind or nature.
To be reckoned (counted, calculated, esteemed, considered) an authority in the field. Ease your trouble and...
On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races In the Struggle for Life, was published in London on November 24, 1859.

I give you a big hug (cuddly). You tease me? He's cherry-picking the facts.
To gear up for... (prepare for). Lavish hospitality (generous, wasteful, handsome). A relentless (unyielding) enemy.
Twist of the story. Bending the laws of physics for dramatic effects. To steer to the right path, or stray from the path.
To circumvent the real issues.
Cringe, draw back, as with fear or pain, show submission or fear.
Gullible - easily deceived or cheated, naive, credulous.

Due to the scarcity or reliability of sources... The most natural epithets of...
Cram everything into too few hours. Crammed with antique shops.
To scout out a new route.
Are you nuts (moron, idiot)? Whistling bomb. Dangerously overstretched.
They were accused of slandering the head of state (defamation, libel, denigration).
To sue somebody for breach of contract...to institute legal proceedings against a person or institution, typically for redress.
I can't take credit for this success.

Call on the Commission to comply... I take your point... in the quest of understanding and get my meal.
A riddle still remains. Shows fatigue. Wanton and unrestrained cruelty.
Arms race. To trace it back and figure out where it comes from. Get near to it.
This has undergone many changes.
Beyond the confinements of... In response of doing…
This gives an insight.
His independence or impartiality may legitimately be called into doubt.

Without prejudice to Article X. The Court may nevertheless decide that...
Exercise any powers conferred on the President. Having regard to all relevant factors.
Must submit itemised particulars of all claims, together with any relevant supporting documents, within the time-limit fixed for the submission.
Verbatim records (transcript, word by word). This shall not prejudice the trial and punishment.
Art. 34 The High Contracting Parties undertake not to hinder in any way the effective exercise of this right.
And, if need be, undertake an investigation, for the effective conduct of which the High Contracting Parties concerned shall furnish all necessary facilities.

Afford just satisfaction to the injured party. A slick (smooth, clever) plan. Avenues to greater power.
Before the domestic avenues were exhausted. To exhaust (run through) avenues to achieve that.
On the verge of a crisis. To break away from this territory.
How anyone by any stretch of the imagination could fail to understand. At a stretch - continuously.
A figment of your overheated imagination, a thing that someone believes to be real but that exists only in their imagination.
Stretch the truth, to exaggerate.

Above all (else), patience rewarded. Malleable. He faces the abyss. Hard palpitations.
Nail it.
As we speak... Make the vision flesh.
Your contract sets out the terms and conditions of your employment.
Then the plans go sour. To deride/ridicule the others.
Comparatively speaking... the contingency plan.
For the clarity/simplicity sake... Idea difficult to grasp, not intelligible.
Patriotism swells across German lands.

But more importantly, ...
It harbours life, to harbour (shelter) a criminal.
In so doing, ...
He hosted the foreign dignitaries (VIP, pillar of society) during their visit.
Enter uncharted waters.
Rip something from something, tear apart. Teemed with novel ideas. Ripped in pieces.
To fence them off (in, out) the from the outer world. To fence a farm. The president was fenced by his bodyguards.
He fenced when he was asked if he would... (dodge, hedge,evasive). To scramble through obstacles.

He proposed to impugn the whole train of legal proceedings.
Stand aside and watching... pour fuel in the fire.
Spontaneous rally (consolidation) of public opinion... many rallied to these forces... He rallied his allies to help him.
To plot an attack, plot to overthrown.
Loosely known as... ten-fold increased, heavily involved... this withstood the embarrassment.
High resolution surveillance. To outfit an expedition, to equip. A snapshot!
Pure and simple, plain and simple, plain question.

I scarcely bluff myself with this nasty framed-up case.
Recede, recidivate, relapse, mild punishment.
Grasp the central point. In plain language.
He remains aloof (at distance) from worldly matters. To look from afar.
Throughout the development of...
To the disappointment to many proponents...
Stop whining/whimpering (to wail)! Have a feast (banquet). Cranky complain or grump.

Put it mildly. Bluntly put.
Last but not least,... miss the point
First off,... provided that (on condition that)...
Supposing I do it, what would the countermeasures be.
A rough guess. Reach an impasse.
Run out of patience, run late, run short.
Step on the gas!
To top it all. Take a hint. Not worth the candle.
Wishful thinking. A bone of contention.
Be torn, hesitate, falter.
Carrot and stick. Gain ground, be in progress.
In due course. The ins and outs of...

The plan begins to crumble.
He has yet to make a case for change. But he could make his point.
To attain decent accuracy. Unattainable goal. To attain to understanding/knowledge.
Lawsuit and its mistrial (defence request a mistrial to be declared). Request for admission, or application or motion for a court order.

Overrule (revoke, annul). Statute/period of limitation.
To recuse (challenge, disqualify) the judge or himself.
The court orders remand of these cases (send the case from appeal to the lower court).
It heralded new beginnings. He hails the results. Clear and crisp answer or message.

Sneak preview - film preview before the official release.
Snap decision (quick, without thinking about consequences).
Otherwise, I will proceed on the above basis.
Unbeknown to many, unbeknown to me until it had happened.
To lure the customers, lure you to Hell, lure the cat out with a bait. Decoy.
I had to concede that I'd overreacted (admit as true after denying).
Heading toward the parking. I'm on my way. En route to...
The onward surge of an angry mob.

Reconnaissance. Wipe the tears.
Scrambled for the best seats.
It is tedious, boring, tiresome and muddy. He is moulder (turnator)
By evening the rain relented (become less severe or intense, mitigate, abandon).
Unpalatable truth (unpleasant, difficult to tolerate or accept).
A public backlash against a current social or political development (strong and adverse reaction by a large number of people).

The second feeling was a fear of pursuit. Pursuit of fugitives.
I am enthralled with the idea of having... Enthral by the beauty of... Excited...
I am enthusiastic about...Thrilled at the prospect of... thrilled to announce... Enchanted of...
You're a downright disgrace (utter, complete) to the profession. Really gratifying to me.
A benchmark (point of reference).
Rock the boat, corrosive to the system.
Pernicious (destructive, detrimental) effect.

Beware of using... now my case rests.
He goes on to say...
We had a queer feeling that they were being watched. A queer notion of justice (questionable, suspicious).
Reg didn't want someone meddling and queering (spoil, ruin or downfall) the deal at the last minute.
I hope you don't either... in your humorous way.
You better not believe that. Absence of coherence.
Would you like me to (re-)draft (compose) the document/sketch?
We slid from... to...

If you chase two rabbits, you will lose them both.
If you run after two hares, you will catch neither.
...in tight schedule, on short notice, last-minute notice.
In the long run.
High-profile: conspicuous, attracting attention, as by being unusual or remarkable, noticeable.
Giggle is laugh in a silly way.
Put the plan in practice.
Complaints and grievances, or simply plaints.
Who kindled that fire in us?
Life-threatening, primordially.
Strenuous way, requiring much effort, not least in the interest of the community.

He concedes to us what we wanted ...then conceded with a shrug.
Walk at different paces. It was more a nuisance/annoyance then pleasure.
What do you hint at?
Magic wand and crystal ball.
A clear-cut objective, sharply defined; easy to perceive.
As far as I know/to my knowledge.
Updates are constantly fed (operated) to...
Mark my words, ...
Needless to say, I blushed when he did it. It makes me blush...
Empirical support for... I'm abashed/confused/perplexed by this... I won't be around to see it.

Separate the wheat from the chaff, i.e. to separate what is useful or valuable from what is worthless.
Not that I mind, but why didn't you phone yesterday?
My body is numb.
The statistics you quoted didn't prove anything, they simply muddied the waters.
There is nothing I relish more than...
You cut into my time. It cuts into my weekend.

The issue brought to the forefront, values you espouse (embrace, advocate).
To elevate the public discourse.
People flock around us and yell. Stop yelling.
Pervasive illusion (ubiquitously penetrating) is often a silly and dumb question. Pervade.
What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence. Christopher Hitchens.
I resent the fact that... (express indignation).
In Europe we should not need to be reminded of the consequences of turning a blind eye when big countries bully smaller countries.

A proselyte. To proselytise is to convert.
Rogue cop scandal (dishonest, corrupt, venal, graft investigation, high-level graft, graft concerns).
Acting in defiance of established laws, customs, etc.: a rogue group.
I'm tempted to say... I tend to agree with... The reason I'm hostile to... Given the fact that...
This is because you did not heed (pay careful attention to) my advice. He paid little heed to the raised questions.
There is a growing trend that... an inflow of information.

Staring at the ceiling.
You have a nerve telling me what to do (be impudently aggressive, show effrontery). She had the effrontery to ask for two free samples. It touches my raw nerve.
A group of people who have been ridiculed, ostracised, and persecuted for centuries.
To my great embarrassment, the proceedings are underway, waiting the system to depart the scene.
Dissenting opinion, no dissent from this view, apart from this point view...
As it may be construed (interpreted)...
It can be carried out voluntarily, or it will be implemented forcibly.
To forfeit human rights within the EU integration.
The courts bent to the will of the authorities.
Throw economists into a despondent mood (discouraged).
To go rogue is to cease to follow orders; to act on one's own, usually against expectation or instruction. To pursue one's own interests.
The situation gets volatile.
I have a hunch (intuition, premonition) about the way things will happen... with judiciousness required.

In safe hands.
A tough nut to crack.
I don't want you to chicken out at the last minute.
To add fuel to the fire.
The big cheese.
In a nutshell, in brief.

They were always making catty (spiteful) comments about each other.
Lame system (cripple), cunning (sly, vile, treacherous, callous, cruel) person, insidious, crafty.
To cripple is make someone unable to move, to paralyse, mesmerise, transfix.
Untoward and adverse. There was anything untoward going on. Nothing untoward occurred.
To provide the veneer of legality.
Legal ruse (dodge). Resort to a ruse or trickery, ploy, subterfuge, prank.
Otherwise any attempts to reshuffle personnel within the system would have been impossible.

To taint, to corrupt, to infect with putrefaction or decay, flaw, a trace of evil, disgrace, corruption.
A reputation that was tainted by allegations of illegal activity.
Drinking water that is tainted with parasites (sponger); toothpaste that is tainted with toxic metals.
A stain on his reputation (spot of wrongdoing or of disgrace).
For the sake of time, if the laws/rules apply..., good question to start with...
Brief and glorious moment, incidentally, foremost.
But I do have my own guess about.. please bear in mind.

She opened the window just enough to eavesdrop on the conversation outside.
A display of unnecessary or excessive excitement, activity, or interest : I don't know what all the fuss is about.
The subterfuge is a criminal scheme or stratagem employed to defraud.
Justice devoid of independence.
Time presses. Stubbornly optimistic.
The resemblance isn't accidental.
I have to reprobate this ab initio.

Insofar as the law permits.
I'm still fuzzy on it.
The court flouted the rules... openly disregarded.
Lex loci damni refers to the law of the place where the injury occurs.
In other words, if an injury appears in another country, the laws of that country govern.

To pile pressure over...
There is no margin for errors.
This is beyond my grasp. Beyond dispute.
Turn the tide, slow the pace, stride (walk with long steps), mount the case.
Give a cursory (not thorough) glance at the wording….
Room for manoeuvre, boiling point.
There is something eluding you.

The solution lies in the treatment.
Dire consequences, dire (grisly) threats (immediate and serious), unlike the others, dire need (desperate).
This pushes frontiers of... The report warns that... and lays out...
To hype its products (exaggerate with importance in publicising).
Abject (degenerating, humiliating) misery, situation.
There is a subtle distinction though.
The term X connotes a positive and voluntary agreement.

People for whom power holds no allure.
Machiavelli, Prince, Chapter VIII, When the act accuses, the result excuses.
A rather long and verbose article (could you produce a more verbose version for me?).
A force to be reckoned with.
We are flooded with... to my discontent, in particular, a remnant of the effect...

Sometimes you get bored.
Don't budge! Peer to peer. Respect to my peers.
This saddens me. Laid the foundation for a new landgrab. It's too simplistic.
Handover ceremony - to transfer the authority.
Did you happen to see it?
Nature or nurture.

This is not tenable, it doesn't resist critics.
Infallible, perfect, without errors.
Neither time nor inclination, at the best of his ability, with promptitude.
This eludes me. An astute reader (~heedless, impassive, reckless).
My soul soared, soaring success.

Which way the wind is blowing, poke our nose in your affairs.
It doesn't require much wisdom, throw dust in the eyes.
Teething problems, impatiently waiting.
To take the liberty, on entering the topics.
It turned out well after all. There is little time left.
Align with goals of the group.

Getting there is a long journey.
From the dawn of humanity...
Evil is real and it must be opposed.
Tediously repeating my humble opinion.
Read between lines.
Sober discussion.
Who bothers to listen.
I don't school you.
Obtuse jargon, circular reference.
To my mind... hypothetically.

The law still stands (is valid and effective).
We stand to lose the battle (are in a position, in circumstances).
To stand pain, stand the trip well (endure, resist, unaffected uninjured, withstand).
To stand trial (undergo trial).
To stand a chance of... (doing or achieving something).
To stand for... to have a meaning of.
To stand up for... to defend.
It stands to reason that... it is obvious.
People need to take a stand on this issue - firm decision.

He tried to feign ignorance...
To dissemble fear by smiling, coak one by another.
Quick response, on the flip side, awakening, suddenly become aware of, adopt your point,
a broad-brush approach, general, blanket term.
a mix of factors, it fills the vacuum, the hole, undoubted fact.

But worst of all,
Rewind the film, lift the veil,
On the verge to get wiped down (roll back), I vividly remember,
To probe the mud for worms. Poke around the terrain.
It conceals homicide.
I would turn to this subject.
They spring from the same source.
Let me take it in reverse order.

...wielded as a sword for the state.
...has betrayed that promise.
Divvy up the assets.
Clinical dissection of Putin’s regime.
This morphed into...
Transfixed, motionless, mesmerise, crippled.
Mercurial temperament, fickle, unpredictably ever changing.
Constantly exposed to geopolitical nightmares.
If repeated enough times can become infectious.
The flipside of triumphant cynicism.

We cannot condone this behaviour (overlook).
The onset of the issue (beginning).
Unsurprisingly, a growing chorus of voices is calling for...
This coercive strategy is also unlikely to work.
By the most relaxed standards...
Dubious money... (murky, doubtful, questionable, equivocal).
To sniff and spew...
Or conversely, ..., even without leaving the armchair.
I sneaked in by the back exit.
It poses a thread.
Let's sharpen the question.
The flood waters had receded.

To give credence to... accreditate.
Marginal notion. A backdoor to...
Long-standing, existing or in effect for a long time period.
Get through to you. I could not get through to the police because the telephone line was down. Can you put me through to him.
The issue I don't want to pursue.
...which I rather doubt. What I'm rather baffled of.
Advantages over...
The ideas don't mesh together too well. The proposals mesh with my plans.
Whetting your appetite.
I'm acutely aware of...
Pitting one against another. Whet the courage, stimulate.
Tautology and tautological.

They fall into one of two camps.
Near-identical. An oligarch-run country.
To what end?
What do you hint at?
What you say resonates with our perception.
The docket (trial agenda), the docket date.
Immerse in a book.
Over the time...
Chart the course, the reckoning.
We grapple with problems.
Beholder, observer, witness, spectator.
We have now sunk to a depth at which...
Mental gymnastics.

Clumsy ~handy, freckle, cuddle, ripe fruit, I owe you an explanation, rubbish, baloney, nonsense.
There's no other way around.
Intermission, a pause or a break, a recess in the court of law.
Direct the question to...
I came to the conclusion that...
Work around the clock, every waking hour.
On the brink of failure.
That's the way to go.

The thorniest question is tantalising me.
To posit (assert, claim) is to assume as a fact.
The manhunt by Interpol. Witch hunt.
They ripen slowly. Rotten fruits, rusted apparatus.
I have to pinch myself.
A pitfall is a hidden trap.
Lack of necessary savvy (experience and know-how).
This can only exacerbate the situation (aggravate, worsen, strengthen).

The cash was funnelled (streamed, siphoned) through devious schemes (scam). To tap resources.
This trims ambitions. Trim, truncate, abridged version.
Eagerly awaited.
For furthering changes (promote, continue in progress).
He absconded with... or from... (to leave hurriedly and secretly to avoid detection or arrest for an unlawful action, such as theft).
One of the crowd.
They rest on their laurels.
Faulty data.
It is a moot question whether... (subject to discussion).
Tap into a relationship.
You intend to con me into doing this.
It slips from my hands.

Pick an option that fits your needs.
Given the choice, I'd corner him with my question.
It pales in comparison with the next unlawfulness. It pales into insignificance.
We are quits now, aren't we?
Too much to bear.
I dates back to 2009.
Where does the truth lie?
He decided to set off for home, or from there, he set off her crying.
Crony capitalism, bosom friends.
Consider this your warning.
Career ladder, ascension.

Irritated at the rebuke. A rebuke for the mistake. To rebuke, revile, be judgemental, criticise with contemptuous language, invective.
With brutal honesty.
So simple you'll laugh out loud.
Clunky, hard or heavy to do.
A pun, a wordplay, calambur.
Argumentum ad hominem.
Not only is the..., but also...
Once in a while, from time to time, a little while ago.
Walks like a duck, swims like a duck, quacks like a duck.
Over the past decades, over the past five years.

A mixture of both.
To discount evidence.
Set apart, make noticeable: character traits that set her apart.
Push your fears to rest.
Cognitive bias.

They misrepresented the facts.
Frank and outspoken, frankness, candor. Speak out on it.
Left to his whim.
The surge of interest.
Can I interpose?
To rid the politics.
You're ok with either way.

Cripple the society.
The disease has a poor prognosis.
Troops are tasked with separating the warring parties.
The floor tilted slightly (inclined).
It has fallen out of use.
Famine often comes in the wake of the war, or in the eve of the war.
Unshackle, unchain the feet.
He constantly dodges questions about how one amassed his wealth.

Be tormented by children's plea.
Bumped into the table and toppled the lamp.
A great responsibility rests upon you.
In the back of your mind.
Take the liberty to ask.

If I didn't study, I'd fail the test.
If I had (not) applied, I would (not, might, could) have passed.
I would be grateful if you would give me a little help.
He'll accept the job unless the salary is too low (if not = unless).
If you had warned me then, I would not be in trouble now.
Should you wish to cancel, please contact us.
Had I known you were waiting outside, I would have invited you to come in.
Were the negotiations to fall through, it would bring about unforeseen problems.
They may do whatever they like provided that it is within the law.
We’d better send it express, otherwise it’ll take days.
Supposing he hadn’t recognised us – he might never have spoken to us.
If only he knew the truth. If only there was...

Get or gain the upper hand is to obtain the controlling position.
He did a disfavour, he's in the disfavour with the king.
The car stalled at the crossroad.
Despair verging on the suicidal.
A workaround is a method for achieving a task or goal when the usual or planned method isn't working.
A hipster is a young, non-traditional person who is an independent thinker, believes in progressive politics and dresses in a trendy fashion.
A tiny bit more formal, but still interchangeable.

A bigot is a narrow-minded, prejudiced person who holds blindly and intolerantly to a particular creed, opinion (bigotry, zealotry, opinionated, dogmatic, with fixed views).
A convoluted (too complex, intricate) story. To convolute with...
First, nail your target.
I yearn for (pine after) that (groovy, exciting) time.

Filch jokes from other comedians (steal, pull off), jokes that fall flat.
Snoop around and see what he could filch.
Have the document at your fingertips.
The contract sets out the terms and the venue of the forthcoming meeting.
The country set off on the European course.
We are set on this approach.
He didn't shy away from doughty reforms.

This falls under the Dutch jurisdiction.
Sales fell short of the target.
I sympathise with you.
We went through.
Wrapped up with (involved in) mystery.

They have commissioned a poll/study to determine the public opinion on the issue.
It is always a year away.
He is heavily betting on the wrong horse.
I can't hardly contain (restrain) myself and contain my curiosity. Method of containing the disease.
They mop the floor with him.
It is bound to (cannot be avoided) get explosive.
Have I got the point across to you?

Vortex of arbitrariness, overdue justice.
He vows (solemnly promises, and vouch) to recoup the stolen money from this badly impoverished country.
I'd spare your time.
He is a nerd, a dull, a computer nerd.
Clumsy use of language, things hard to reconcile.
Disenchanted of politics, free of illusions.
The one captured and awaiting to be ransomed.
To rehearse is to repeat for a later performance. Rehearsal.

Designed from the ground up to serve...
Speak at the level of the slowest kid in the class.
Neat and tidy (elegant) and innocuous (harmless, inoffensive).
Social cohesion, togetherness.
The code brings about (causes to happen) considerable changes. To flag up the concerns.
Hand it over to me.
Jammed in traffic, got in a traffic jam.
It definitely has its charms.

Misnomer is an improper name or term.
The landscape didn't change.
A largely accepted paradigm, but not a real world scenario.
Don't be hampered by the vocabulary.
Does it make sense?
Pass my greetings to him.
This is often equated with stupidity.
I intend to compromise on this matter with them.

At your first convenience, as soon as possible.
Collecting praise.
To keep the country afloat (or awash with, flooded with).
Big picture wise.
Paid from the public purse.

To awaken one's interest.
Lair, hotbed, greenhouse.
The least likely.
A pressing problem, pushing, this is quite telling.
We can't vouch for each detail.
Caused me a heap of troubles.
A timely moment, opportune.
It should be your last resort.

To revamp (rehabilitate, repair and improve an old thing) an old idea.
It calls into question.
If we long for this to be important (strongly wish and desire, pine for, crave).
To crave certainty (feel powerful desire for).
Self-congratulatory puerile rhetoric (childishly silly and trivial).
Lust for power.
Blood feud.
Not that it matters.

Nobody wants to partake in it.
The guests partook of a delicious dinner.
An attempt to hoodwink (bamboozle) the public.
Human conceit (excessive pride in oneself).
She was preparing a bogus story, phony story, fake story.
He's light years ahead or behind.
A congested highway, to fill to excess; overcrowd.
Whims of gods, qualms of humans.

Conventional wisdom.
I am haunted by this obsession.
Changes that occurred over such a short time span.
In the span of five minutes, within a span of an hour, across the span of history.
Let ambitions cloud thinking.
With the grace of god.
Are we ready to bring it about?

We must bring about what we plan to.
Preparations are in full swings.
For vexatious purpose, harassment and intimidation, hounded.
Pinpointed guided strikes.
Keep up with your train of thoughts.
Silence descended over the subject.

So brazenly spout lies.
Ascend to the summit of power.
Overtly or covertly.
Lick the wounds.
To my dismay and consternation.
He continually disavows his past.
He blew the trumpet.
He repudiated previous practices (refuse to be associated with).
Prefatory remark, introductory note.
One can readily conceive that, readily accepted that.
As time passes, as time goes by. It's droll.

In the nick of time, at the last possible time.
Time heals all wounds. It's hazardous to do it.
A race against time. Rush to do before the deadline.
Time will tell. The time is ripe.
To go viral. Happily, it went viral.
It goes without saying that.
I carve out time for reading.
Something significant is afoot, in preparation or progress, about to happen.
The report downplays (underestimates, diminishes) the seriousness of crisis.
I will draw on your advice, take advantage or benefit of it.

It is not in dispute that it was done.
This is beside the point.
Contrary to his contentions.
Merely for the sake of illustration.
How nice of you to grace us with your presence.
They plaintiffs content that... submit that...
Unapologetic about our values, without regrets.
Meant to muddle us and quit the assertive approach.

To impose or lift sanctions.
Are you stalking me?
It soon slid into decline.
The difficulties that ensued from their commitment.
Not just parrot (repeat mechanically) the others' views.
It is justly (rightly) regarded as the most important.
Shed light on the subject.

I feign no hypotheses (Newton).
Lay aside the prejudices.
Some priority claims, but failed to substantiate them, causing some delay.
Tactfully persuaded Newton to withdraw his threat.
Causing severe strain (tension) on the finances.
The leftover (surplus) copies.
When the dust settled.
Plug in the fragment into the text.

I'm pressed for the time, for the money.
Beat around the bush.
I'll do my bit, you can count on me.
I tried to keep a straight face but failed.
Let it go and get it over.
He loses his temper very often.
Give it a try, a go, a shot.
Backseat driver.
On second thought - after thinking again.
They twisted his arm to sell the house.
He is an up-and-coming young lawyer who might help you with your case.
A white lie is told to spare your feelings.
The report aroused them to take action. The insult aroused him to anger.

As it turned out (later), ...
Does this sound familiar?
This section features two things...
Rally (assemble, muster, coalesce) the army and repel (withstand) the attack.

This is noticeable. It is always worth recalling... evocative...
None of the kind.
Don't get me wrong.
Figuratively speaking. This is indicative.
No strings attached.
The attempt resulted in...
Few quick points to your comeback/note. Valid point. Fair point.

To jiggle the door handle.
To lean toward... To sway toward...
Prerequisite, as required as a prior condition.
Hideous facet of justice.

Genuinely difficult.
Don't make me accountable for this.
Utterly brilliant. Individually tailored.
To stress, pinpoint this.

Good to recall.
Inconceivable. Inapprehensible.
To call your attention. See it through the lens of...
Slow incremental evolution.
Lies at the root of... designed with this in mind.
A two-part question. Semantic disagreement. Fair enough.
To elucidate... Debauching... Which preceded to...
Not a very edifying story...

It is hard to discern the star among them.
The last bastion. Pay me a visit.
There is a race between two processes.
Opaque to radiation. Acceleration and deceleration.
Yardstick is ruler.

This feeds your imagination, feed my suspicion.
Just infamous lie! Outright lie, Unconcealed complete lie.
Contempt of court (disrespect).
To reach supreme self-contempt.
Scattered showers.
Rigours of logic, legal rigours.
Foggy indictment.
To ponder the prospects. Beautiful vista. Aperture.
Conduct a trial.

This is even truer today.
The argument they consistently fail to address.
Human mind is susceptible to hallucinations.
Broken moral compass. Impose our will.
Arrogation of power.
Arrogate to himself the authority to decide.
How to disagree without being rude and impolite?
Riddled with superstitions.

Aware of their implausibility.
Cope with such mentality and mindset.
He make an idiot/fool of himself.
Treat with contempt.
Disqualifying statement.
Congruent opinions.

Recipe, cookie. Obligatory. If it were true...
Proudly and defiantly...
It has enough of the facts.
Remote chance...
Inherent conflict (intrinsic, immanent, innate).
Talk in riddles. Lead to outcomes.

Subject to thorough public scrutiny.
Censorship. Regard with discreet scrutiny (examine, parse).
Someone shady involved.
It's gratifying... it's offering satisfaction.
I feel valued. Let me make my point.

How come...
When it comes to... mise en scene.
I indulge myself in... to indulge a child.
Hocus-pocus. A word hijacked for its own use and its own healing effect.
Struggle with instincts.
It purports to be...
They purport to act in legitimate exercise of their offices.
She's not a person she purports to be.

To tackle a difficult problem, abruptly risen.
To impinge significantly upon the right of freedom of expression.
This impinges on overall performance.
Rather than encroach on (intrude on) his privacy.
To impart secret, impart knowledge/wisdom with us.

Who actually perpetrates the crime and transgression.
Severe injustice perpetrated by corrupt judges.
This is what I pledge to you. We ask no pledge (promise) from you.
I swear and solemnly pledge myself.

Arrange a bailout package, a rescue plan, safeguard, blueprint.
For a miracle to come, for a project to get implemented.
Flowed immunity system, susceptible to influence.
Beyond the human grasp, grasp the meaning of the words, beyond my imagination.

Susceptible to material incentives.
This is said to flatter me. Don't flatter yourself.
To flirt with... to coquet with...
His attack seemed to run out of steam.
Detached from reality.
Drain money from... funnel, siphon.
This is way more fun than... to intertwine with… entwine... become intertwined with other illicit forms, regardless of how big is...

Unparalleled ability, unprecedented.
Bunch of papers. Ream of paper, reams of data.
A reckless employee, utterly unconcerned about the consequences.
He's oblivious (unaware) of what is done.

Influence: Wielding effective tactics for persuasion.
The only objection might have been easily removed, by barely prescribing what sort of evidence they ought to receive.
Pursue information to reduce uncertainty and find ways to do better.
We're ready to seize opportunities.
Pursue goals beyond what's required or expected of them.
Cut through red tape and bend the rules when necessary to get the job done.
Persist in seeking goals despite obstacles and setbacks.
Operate from hope of success rather than fear of failure.

We're being judged by a new yard-stick: not just by how smart we are, or by our training and expertise, but also by how well we handle ourselves and each other. This yardstick is increasingly applied in choosing who will be hired and who will not, who will be let go and who retained, who passed over and who promoted.
These rules have little to do with what we were told was important in school; academic abilities are largely irrelevant to this standard. The new measure takes for granted having enough intellectual ability and technical know-how to do our jobs; it focuses instead on personal qualities, such as initiative and empathy, adaptability and persuasiveness.
This is no passing fad (whim, quirk) nor just the management nostrum of the moment. The data that argue for taking it seriously are based on studies of tens of thousands of working people, in callings of every kind. And it demonstrates which human abilities make up the greater part of the ingredients for excellence at work -- most especially for leadership.

If you are part of a management team, you need to consider whether your organisation fosters these competencies or discourages them.
An emotional competence is a learned capability based on emotional intelligence that results in outstanding performance at work (extraordinary, nontrivial).
Competencies come in clusters. For top performance a person must master a mix of competencies, not just one or two.
Only when they reach a critical mass from the full spectrum do they emerge as outstanding-something akin to a chemical reaction achieved the moment of catalysis.
The conclusions of a landmark study of top executives who derailed, the two most common traits of those who failed.
The single most frequently mentioned factor: being too harshly critical, insensitive or demanding, so that they alienated those they worked with.
Trustworthiness: The failures typically were overly ambitious, too ready to get ahead at the expense of other people.

Obvious: It isn't that they can't see the solution - they can't see the problem.
Contemplation: People at this stage see that they need to improve and have begun to think about how to do so. Ambivalence is rampant: some wait for a "magic moment" of readiness. People at this stage are as likely to say they intend to take some action "next month" as they are to say they'll do it "in the next six months". It's not unusual for people "to spend" years telling them that someday they are going to change". They substitute thinking for acting.
Preparation: Here people have begun to focus on the solution - on how to improve. They are aware of the problem, see that there are ways to solve it, and palpably anticipate doing so. This is the time for formulating a specific, detailed plan of action.
Action: Visible change begins. People embrace the plan, start practising its steps, and actually change how they act - their emotional patterns, the way they think about themselves, and all the other facets of transforming a long-standing habit.
Feedback lies at the heart of change. Knowing how we are doing keeps us on track. In its most basic form, feedback means that someone notices whether -- or how well -- the new competence is being used and lets us know.
Emotional competence cannot be improved overnight, because the motional brain changes its habits over weeks and months, not hours and days.

The children love roaming about in the fields and woods.
Somebody remains committed to the principles of...
Drawing analogies with... economic growth has slowed in the first half of the year.
The existing system is inadequate to meet the promises and requires reform.
Another issue which merits focus is the uneven application of the law.

Shortly thereafter, I had trouble understanding why.
We have become acquainted with concepts and general relations that enable us to comprehend an immense range of experiences and make them accessible to mathematical treatment.
It may well be true that this system of equations is reasonable from a logical standpoint.
...from raindrops in the sky to the planets in the solar system.
The attempts to develop a unified field theory are grounded in the belief that all physical phenomena should ultimately be explainable by some underlying unity.
At first glance, the sudden jump from 8000 BC to 10,000 years ago looks peculiar.

In the typical business cycle expansion, business firms will exhibit optimism about the economic outlook.
In this fashion...
The fundamental requirement is stable expansion of money and credit commensurate with real growth and financial market needs.
When I finished the exam I though I've screwed it up, but I found out later that I've passed.
She, on the contrary, was never able to gauge him.

Conversely, she...
A keen awareness of the problem.
He was keen to begin. Anew.
She's keen in music.
Do you want to squeeze an orange?
Your father has already paid so much, I doubt if you can squeeze any more money out (of him).

For over 100 years, men have been questing for gold in the hills.
The quest of oil...
Know how to put a query to somebody and to know how to respond to a query.

Trying to gain more political leverage...
Why don't you reveal (open up about, unveil, unfold) your thoughts to me?
Some people still do not believe that man evolved from monkeys.

There is something amiss with our project.
He gets his money's worth.
We are puzzled how to act.
There is no clear solution to this riddle, conundrum, enigma, puzzle, quandary or turmoil.

He managed to smooth the quarrel.
I do not quarrel with the facts, only with the meaning that you give them.
The success of our public request for money impels us to even greater struggle to save the hospital.
She fancies herself as a singer but she doesn't have a very good voice.
Sickness endows the mind with a new perceptiveness.

Whether the measurements are clustered tightly around the mean or spread over the range.
The statistician is often called upon to decide whether an assumed hypothesis for some phenomenon is valid or not.
They prefer to bargain with individual clients.

The origin of the genus Homo (as our remote ancestors, precursor, predecessor, forerunner) has long intrigued scientists and prompted much debate.
In either case, more scientific documentation is necessary to strongly support or refute the idea that early Homo arose as part of a larger trend of rapid species extinction and the evolution of many new species during a period of environmental change.

Humans evolved in Africa and lived only there for as long as 4 million years or more, so scientists wonder what finally triggered the first human migration out of Africa (a movement that coincided with the spread of early human populations throughout the African continent).
Along with many physical similarities, Neanderthals differed from modern humans in several ways.

To withstand competition with... and a quarrel arose.
Researchers are engaged in an ongoing debate about where modern humans evolved and how they spread around the world.
He seemed somewhat reluctant to explain, but finally did so.
I was very reluctant to agree to their conditions, but I didn't really have much choice.
The armament firms thrive on war.

The ambassador has endowed $1 million program.
After this initial boost, recruiting will fall off again.
They were very nasty about the whole incident.

Freak of nature, freak of weather.
To fit within the framework.
The theory fits the facts. That fits in with my plans.

To ensure it is adequately financed.
This reform, which will take several years to complete, is intimately related to the ongoing regulatory reform designed to improve the business environment.

We had no right to enforce our own views, or the ability of the court to enforce property rights.
It embarrassed him to be caught cheating.
The word seems to embarrass the sentence.
The greatest names can sometimes be alleged for opinions which are incredible.
I would like to allege illness as the motivation.

First and foremost, I suggest dwelling on the following questions/issues.
Most birds have to sit on their eggs, keeping them warm, for a certain length of time in order to hatch out their young.

He tried to hook a person.
Everything she cherished, might be swept away overnight (obliterated).
It's a fallacy (misleading, misunderstanding, sophism) to assume that he will help.
Reticence of substantial facts...

I can't cope with such a pile of work this weekend.
You cannot compel good work from unwilling students.

Scant livelihood... His views underwent a very thorough change in course of time.
To overcome a hardship, a difficulty.
You'll reap what you sow.
The figures are highly uncertain and the subject of wide disagreements among various sources.
The story alluded to a mystery in his past.

Experimental data are scant or non-existent by now.
The scale range is in neighbourhood of X meters.
Their magnitude and gradients vary substantially, but none have passed the experimental muster as of 2006 (although many find this terminology misleading).

New findings lead us forward the recognition of evolution as more than a hypothesis. Papa John Paul II.
Development and cultivation of channels through which knowledge flows, typically tied to organizational objectives in a broad range.

Applying change management to new procedures, structures, technologies was once thought to be an exercise in overcoming resistance to change, or building energy and engagement around a change - reactive toolset for managing resistance from people.
But just as legitimately, change can also be seen as instability, upheaval, unpredictability, a threat, and disorientation.

He despises/detests them for their cowardice.
Their prime purpose is to measure that the desired change or development defined by strategic objectives actually takes place.
The customers' reluctance to spend was finally smashed last year. To smash is to break in pieces with violence.
Lifting the fog around something...

Looking at this with an unaided eye, naked eye, bare eye...
Amnesia, or the lack of recall for the recent events... and of the science-fiction tales.
That has shed (discard, drop) light on the origins on this phenomenon.
To remain agnostic on Saturday, ...

With the advent of an asymptotic (asymptomatic) behaviour...
This exercises a disproportionate effect on the environment.
He would compensate it but he is handicapped by being clueless about the value.
It won't be easy to do it straight, but I'll get used to.
This cornerstone left a large amount of confusion among the physicists.

He regarded this in order to obey the principles of the whole construction.
One supposes that one influence what one particle exerts to another cannot be transmitted instantaneously.
For the fear of being branded as heretic, he circulated it anonymously.

To take a simple-minded view on it... A narrow-minded person.
We are rational beings free to observe and draw logical deductions out of what we see.
A common unified solution seems difficult to justify in practical ground.

Most people would take this as a commonsense view.
We are fairly confident of our estimations.
We believe it is only on grounds of modesty, without much practical significance.
Under a less invasive observation, the act of measurement introduces an irreducible uncertainty.

The comprehensibility of its nature is not mere metaphor, which opens a full realm of possibility, but which also can open or refute this elegant paradigm.
A clue to resolving this puzzle came without excessively hypothesising, riddled with (abundant in, rife of) violent and dramatic events.
Informational enrichment might be perceived as tempting as violating pivotal moments.

When misguided, you anyway have to surpass the obstacle, barriers and jump over hurdles.
As yet undetected, or else the explanations are not yet plausible.
Dressed in that much complexity to get unobvious, this encountered a certain amount of intimidation.
It confounds intuition: although fluctuating randomly, in wavy lines, it appears to place strong restrictions.
Tough to say, but cyclically satirised, it bears some resemblance.

The degrees of freedom are tightly tied with each other.
Some random thoughts about...
Don't concern yourself with the details.
It hurts me to say, but we are limited by what we can handle.

In a funky manner, the goal remains elusive.
It might yield a further reduction.
The rest presumably awaits discovery.

This could be inaccurate or unbalanced in certain viewpoints.
Heuristic is a commonsense method of solving problems as "paved by good intentions", under the then-current model which confines us in empirical treatment.
It expels any doubt from our interior.
Rather complex, it lacks only rationalities.
It suffices to mention.

This is indisputable, while other affirmations are to some extend debatable and in constant danger of being overthrown by newly added facts.
A concise but comprehensive account of infectious enthusiasm is conveying the substance... in our inner and outer life or circle.

I would forestall it utterly - can't be translated into a common tongue.
It is unceasingly and genuinely indifferent to fame and wealth due to a mathematical introspection (insight).
The ordinary objects of human endeavour - property, outward success, luxury - always seemed to me contemptible and oddly contrasted.
Unattainable for many and by the irony of fate... ceaseless struggle, even if mixed with fear.
Only in two weeks this sheep-like mass can be made excited by the newspapers.
Money only appeals to selfishness and to one irresistibly abusing of it. This can soon lose its zeal.

I have a warm admiration for the achievements with an everlasting credit to him.
A befogged speculation producing universal doubt and fallacy as an immutable idea of an immutable universe.
A weird (unearthly, unnatural, uncanny) adventures ...
It's time to get rid of (to dispose of, ditch, scrap, discard, throw away) this trash and to abolish slavery.
Her easy humour and keen intellect astonished/amazed me.

The only left to think is that the goal of these publications is to impress the ones who mix the confusion of expressions with their depth.
The question to be worth answering is whether it shows signs to be designed by some sort of intelligence, as an irreducible mystery.
The mind is like a parachute, it only operates when open.

It transcends the limits of thoughts.
He captured the flavor of reducing redundant actions.
The hero must be young and interesting - must have to do, and not merely to suffer.
Leap, as breakthrough. Retaliation, as a revenge. Fringe, as an edge - being on the fringe. He had a gleam.
The immediate aftermath of this decision. Safe shelter.

You get fuzzy photograph when you jiggle the camera.
Fuzziness as indistinct or blurred. Fuzzy logic or fuzzy thinker, after drinking.
Struggle to figure this out, to sort this mind blowing question out.
A gloomy view of the future, gloomy perspective, as dark or dim.
I mistook you for another one. You've mistaken me for someone else.

Inbuilt bias (or built-in bias, inherent, intrinsic), coloured by negative undertones, reflect a person's mindset, regardless of evidence.
The habitat of artists.
Great minds think alike.
Smuggler and pimp. A feeble mind, a feeble force, to warp/bend dimension and reality.

On the verge (edge, margin, fringe) of nervous breakdown, operate on verge of fraud.
The verge of desert.
What I imply/assert is... to bridge the gap, to narrow the gap, to shroud the crook's past.
A heavy fog veiled the shoreline.
To its first approximation.
Insofar as it can be ascertained.

Ascribe significance.
Unimpeachable witness.
Afflict people, greatly afflicted by disease/afflicted with disease.
Wicked things.
I rest my case.
You'd be better off in an another entourage (milieu).

Secular state.
To stand up for... to defend; to stand up to... to confront fearlessly.
How come you imply this?
The defence mechanism kicks in - makes its effects operatively.
It is worthwhile. Politically expedient, advantageous.
In colloquial language.
Don't embellish facts. Embellishment.
Incidentally, not purposely.
Dichotomy, mutually antagonistic halves of the integer.

I will try to cope with his rudeness.
After her breakdown she couldn't cope any longer.
This is imminent, i.e. like to occur at any moment.
The purpose is twofold or even manifold, and it seems to matter, but it is not likely to sizeable.
The panacea is the remedy for all disease and all ills.

Ease my pain and satisfy my spontaneous curiosity.
You take it for granted on this background of latency.
Use it before embarking on long trip.
As a hash of unorganised facts and figures, this essay is a hash of some earlier works.
We hover over this issue, and hover between life and death - we are going to fetch the documents required.

The ship was jammed between rocks.
We were endeavoured to improve the quality of our inner life.
It lacks in its ability to quantify the effect.
The lack of funding and the lack of skill brought the project to halt even after the in-kind capital increase.
The fog blurred the outline of the car.
We glow (shine) with pride after getting punished harshly (sternly, severely).
This impression will gradually fade out.

We shade our eyes from light.
Ordinarily, the tax cut boosts the economy.
He was barred from membership because of this reputation.
Confine your attention to...
To get relief, to remove the pain... to get the ease.

His controversial views were coupled with his abrasive sarcasm.
There is a narrow margin to explore an exquisite sense of schadenfreude (adiabatic), Freudian slip.
Finding a decent place to have lunch in this neighbourhood is always a hassle.
Leaving aside such controversies...
Hinder the progress, hinder somebody from committing a crime, bona fide, ...
Chase a person, drop an email... expeditious... challenge... team up with him...

Hijack or kidnap in either way,
one way or the other, loot, rape,
raise a question, raise a doubt, indubitable, overstate, adjourn
Topic, with no remorse or compassion.
Ruthless, remorseless.

Preemptive measures, has strayed from the original intent, bear a remarkable resemblance
Gain widespread acceptance, elegant solution that glues these... Unbearable pressure, robbery
I beg your pardon, sanctuary, marketwise, moneywise, timewise, weatherwise, along with... come along with...

Come again... overburdened, reasonable degree of likelihood of being elected. Alongside.
Beyond the horizon of predictions. Keep abreast. Watered-down, diluted. Clash between Lavoisier and Marat.
Preposterous tale - moronic, absurd, completely foolish, fatuous, nonsensical, baloney, contrary to nature, inanity.
Obsolete (quaint, archaic) expression. Heterogeneous or homogeneous fabric or substance.

To seal the fate, as we termed it in our sketch.
To storm a fortified place or a stronghold... resented by peasants and the mob, engaged in lawless violence, as menace.
To coerce/impose obedience, to sustain lawfully... to gather the harvest, to coalesce bandits... amid/amidst, crook... strip of assets.

The threshold of a new carrier and a new project. Doorstep. Hurdle.
Appreciation spurs ambition.
Causal nexus.
I plead for his release. To quash is to annul and set aside.
Adobe... house of bricks.
We contend for first prize as we struggle in opposition, contend with rivalry.
Contention is strife.

I assent to the statement. We had to resort to this action...
Conjecture is not mere supposition, but also interpretation of omens.
Documents pertained to the lawsuit are dispensed gratuitously... wisdom dispensed...
Disseminate information among...
He was greatly exasperated (infuriated) by senseless delay...
To go honourable through the vicissitudes of the life... is a pathetic drama.

He contrived a clever device or criminal scheme. This smart contrivance...
We bestow a precious gift on you.
An inexorable/implacable/sworn enemy (foe, nemesis)... not be persuaded or convinced...
To exorcise is seek to expel by adjuration, to abjure (to renounce with formal solemnity) from true principle... give up under oath. Galileo abjured his theory.

Something is rotten in the state of Denmark. Shakespeare.
Delusion of grandeur is when one is deluded of being important.
I adduce reasons in support of...

Our decision entails much expense...
The defence is flawed by... has defects.
The desired target to be borne in mind...
The scratch marred the table, it mars the view.
Sagacity is the soundness of judgment and discernment.
To embezzle is to fraudulently misappropriate somebody's properties.
To investigate the embezzlement.

Aggrieved means deprived of legal rights... achieve decent accuracy, hard to swallow, this encompasses other features, to repel the ball, junk, peculiar/odd/strange happenings, probative.
My heart ached for starving animals. Body ache.
Frame of reference. Henceforth. Ever-increasing.
Encounter one example earlier. Twisted logic.
Don't bother me with trivial matters.

Reward the curiosity.
Quest to learn how things move.
Undisturbed.
Forerunner.
Be in agreement with.
Thoughts are well worth reading.
Is bound to the relation.
One remark is in order.

Quiz (test, questionnaire), galvanised the attention (stimulated), it foreshadows the subsequent event (prefigure).
Law-abiding citizen, share commonalities, the approach rests with a premise/assumption that...
Thorough analysis - executed without negligence or omissions, extremely attentive to accuracy, aberration-deviation, to err is human, lapse - accidental or temporary decline from a standard expectation/condition - lapse into slavery, savagery.

To infringe a rule.
We are accustomed to... familiarized with... get familiar with... have a groove of...
Wealth habituated him to luxury. Get into habit.

It steadily acquired more and more leverage, constantly and overwhelming.
To force was futile, useless, pointless.
Frivolous suggestion.
Since its inception, it was depicted as...
Depiction is illustrating in image.

A noteworthy addition to your collection.
To recount is to narrate, to tell a story in details.
The narrative. Kindly note that...

A sham is a spurious imitation.
To conceal is to prevent divulging or disclosure.
Embroiled into endless litigations and controversies.
We are tangled in these litigations, as an entanglement.
The vantage of wisdom that often comes with age.

Untenable argument is an indefensible argument, with incapacity of being defended or sustained.
Dim room - cleptocracy.
The institutions got at the behest of one individual. At his whim.
Hold institutions in his sway, institutions under his sway. At the helm.

He boasts of his wealth.
To wrestle with paradoxes.
He wrapped the package up in brown paper.
It swamped us with work and hesitations.
A swamp. Morass. Bog Mud.
Inward and outward flows - the blueprint.

As we were forewarned...
Although the veracity of these allegations is disputed,... on one's bare words, unfounded, groundless, baseless, unsubstantiated, indiscriminate, blanket.
A strand of... a wing of the movement.
A fact hitherto unknown. Henceforth.
Spectre/ghost of communism. Bogeyman. It is not to say it is without flaws...
Streamline the efforts and the correspondence. Peril of indifference.

Under the guise of friendship.
He hastened to inform us... I hasten to add that...
When asked a direct question, he dodged (moved aside and suddenly changed his position) - dodge investigation.

Wear a smile. Until the question gets answered.
This enables us to ascertain many facts.
He fails to ascertain the fact that...
Witty remarks/sayings.
To droll is to amuse in a funny way.
Often-repeated tales. This left him unable to speak.
To assign a ... lacking coherent meaning...
To tonicize us.

All that heightens the feeling of power.
Magnus opus/magna opera, pièce de résistance, masterpiece, magnum opus, chef-d'œuvre
literatus/literati, intelligentsia. Ad fontes - back to sources.
Redemption - redeem - repurchase what was sold.
This effect sedated him. This flatters us.

Recalling the one's description.
Prolific writer - producing many articles.
Prominent, particularly noticeable.
To emulate - imitate as equal or better.
Gifted with clairvoyance.
To pass the winter.
Gradually increase/augment - gradual increment.
Slide down into...
Outright/complete/total.
Proficient - experienced, well-advanced, skilled, expert. Proficiency, experience.

To disdain (treat as unworthy of notice/reply) other readers/readership - to disdain replying to an insult.
Then the pressure waned... or mounted.
Pile pressure over.
To assert as to affirm or posit, postulate.
Innermost/cosy.
Evildoer, wrongdoing.

Sacrilege - profanation or violation of sacred, ill-formed, ill-constructed.
Perish.
Highest desideratum/desiderata.
He conceived the project while being on vacation.
Famous dictum/dicta - maxim or assertion.
Synopsis.
Alas!
To indict - to bring an accusation/to charge with an offence.

Seek redress - setting right what is wrong, relief from injury.
Injury - harm or damage, injustice suffered - to be compensated.
To rest assured that...
Everlasting process.
Thirst of triumph. Pain inflicted - imposed to suffer.
Pawn/pledge/deposit as security.
Thwart in our plans - oppose in accomplishing a purpose - hinder, baffle, confuse, muddle.

Systemic and sustained exposition of ideas and positions.
In a looser sense. In loose manner.
To wipe out the interbreed remnants.
To give credence and reassert - reasserting.
Gradually yet steadily acquired more leverage what culminated with (climax) the total subversion of the state authorities.

Laudatory remarks, expressing praise.
The superstitious are vestiges of ancient religion. Vestiges of Soviet-time repressive organs.
Albeit/even if.
A peaceful, albeit brief retirement.
This was a terrible blow to us.
Strike a blow.
Dizzy with success.
Reportedly, his is the thief (according to reports or rumours).

He distinguished the stratum of intellectuals.
Stiff resistance - rigid, forceful impossible to bend or flex.
Forcibly. Iron curtain.
Focused on his culpability.

Nickname - "nom de guerre" - nom de plume - the sobriquet of - dubbed as... They didn't display any interest in establishing and maintaining...
Make sense, give meaning.
His sudden disappearance spawned many rumours.
Instead of shying away from the conflict... weaknesses and vices.
I don't want to be rude or impolite, but...
Threats of punishment don't usually deter him from doing what he wants.

It shapes the way it manifests.
To ascribe something to somebody (to credit or to assign).
The shallow/superficial (lacking depth), on the surface.
Based upon the foregoing...
They are good in spotting (exploitable) vulnerabilities.
Cheat with impunity...with exemption of punishment.
This defies common sense. Bitter taste...

Disobedience, disregard, transgression... - violation of law, infringement. 
Transgressing beyond bounds.
This can transgress the law boundaries.
Transgress the decent behaviour.
Looking at this with naked eye... (bare, nude)
Conjointly with... fused with...
Reignite the debate...
From this time onward...

Over the course of his life...
The species became extinct or is still extant.
To bundle the cases, the case files.
Crossover (bridge or link)...
The proponent of this idea.
To ponder the possibility or risk.
The outbreak of war.
The remainder of... the rest of...
Then the inflation skyrocked... inflate, bloat with air, swell.

Yoke, used chiefly as draft animal (beast of burden).
Downcast the eyes...
Feel downcast/depressed.
His is a downcast.
In the beginning the area was settled by outcasts, scums, adventurers, and felons.
Rejected/outcast.
It shields his ignorance.
To expose views about the list of banned books.

Exert influence, reluctantly dragged by hair.
An inveterate gambler.
Notwithstanding the laws of physics, he swings (swung)(budged, stirred) the machinery into motion against the victims.
To denounce him to the inquisition.
Denunciation.

Deep-seated rancour - resentment, malice, hatred.
We endear ourselves with this idea.
The doctor enjoined (prescribed) a strict diet.
The court enjoins (restrict) by an injunction.
To weigh the arguments.
To relinquish (renounce) the possession over... relinquish (give up) a plan.
He procured his a fame of...

Endure unjust judgment.
Stripped to its essentials.
To hatch the idea - to bring it out of egg.
His mind was incubating schemes.
To overthrow (put an end by force) a tyrant, an illegality, an unfair judgment.
Put forth the idea - advance the idea.

This emboldens him to do so and to leave exotic conjectures.
In the midst of heaven.
To admonish about irregularities and breach of rules.
Charged with violation of..., lately rejected.
He had to stand trial for perjury.
He stands accused of lying or of committing other crime.
These vague charges won't stand up in court.
To master techniques of... satisfactory.
Dissimilarly.

They banded together to conspire for their benefits.
How to untangle (bring out of tangled state) this conspiracy?
A drift towards illegality. He drifts from one town to another.
This question will come up again.
He comes across as a mean, selfish, small-minded person.
We came across these documents only recently and quite by chance.
The accusation came up with new contrivances.

Wit, keen perception and cleverly apt expression.
Using one's wits to go ahead.
To have sharp/slow wits and to display wits.
The judge overlooked the mistakes, failed to notice, disregarded it.
To cast doubts about...
The snake cast its skin.
He cast the problem from his mind.
To cast blessings upon someone.

To stretch the rope across a road.
The stretching Universe. Stretch the string.
To scatter seeds.
To scatter crowd.
To pour a glass of water.
The epidemic is raging. Endemically.
The corruption and arbitrariness raged.
The corruption plagues the country.
To wage a campaign against the victims.

The ostensible veracity of her testimonies.
He went, ostensibly to...
Wanton disregard of norms, of cogent and conclusive evidence, against devious schemes.

Plahotniuc's grip - his power to grasp, and in procuring the investigation and trial.
To devise (contrive) a plan, elaborate a method.
Compelling argument.
Mens rea - necessary element of a crime, used along with actus reus.
To falter in his determination.
He posited that...
Controversially, he even then posited that...
We may reasonably infer that (deduce)...

This is inferred indirectly from evidence...
Infer what should be made explicit.
Nevertheless or nonetheless, he consciously overlooked the evidence.
To switch emphasis and to overstretch the process/trial.
Utterly hollow pretext.
This doomed us to conviction.

Fierce and remorseless assassins.
Since the state is captured, experts predict doom upon the justice in Moldova.
Full of gloom and doom (bad prediction) in the national judicial system's trends.

This keeps us in suspense. Bottom line - the resulting summary, outcome, crucial factor.
Narrative - an account of events.
This solidified our opinion.
Scant respect. All eyes and ears.

The event occurred for two weeks now. Grip of power.
Bound to the same source.
Swallow a bitter pill.
Only a fraction of the whole.

To repeal (revoke or annul) the decision/verdict.
It is now a mainstream rather than a maverick view.
To elude the wound, elude the consequences.
Awesome. Carry out an aerial/offensive reconnaissance.
Beneath our dignity.
The mountains were looming on the horizon.
He has disdain for legality.

We contended with illegalities.
We contend for our legitimate rights, get engaged in contention between the two parties.
We contend that the judge's approach was biased.
To waive privilege.
Aiming at signing a waiver of their rights.
A ruthless manipulator, showing no compassion or mercy.
Unrestrained, unconstrained, wanton disregard, outrageous breach of all limits, of any restraint, outrage - extreme illegality.
He spins/forwards his version/interpretation.

He severely trespasses upon the tolerance.
To trespass against the law and common sense.
To trespass upon others' rights.
Spooky actions, coincidence (ghost), his stupid blunder (mistake, slip, gaffe, inadvertence, misstep), without glasses he blundered into a wrong room.
A slip of the tongue - a mistake.
Tremendous talent.

Now the floor is yours.
Biased research is the process where the scientists performing the research influence the results.
Taken on faith, with little or no evidence at all.
The greatest minds of all time...
Under the hood.
I was no longer satisfied with the life that had hitherto contented me.
We'll have to content ourselves with it.
I'm content with... (agree, assenting, in agreement).

Virgil/Aeneid: Fortune sides with him who dares.
The descent into Hell is easy.
They can because they think they can.
Yield not to evils.

Ovid/Metamorphoses: Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish. Anything cracked will shatter at a touch. Dignity and love do not blend well, nor do they continue long together. Nothing is stronger than habit. I am dragged along by a strange new force. Desire and reason are pulling in different directions. I see the right way and approve it, but follow the wrong. It is convenient that there be gods, and, as it is convenient, let us believe there are. By yielding you may obtain victory. The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all. I am a shipwrecked man who fears every sea.

For the betterment of society.
The bond (ligament) between one and another.
It is paramount in this case.

This caused him to faint (lose consciousness).
He is traditionally ranked alongside with... as a canonical poet.
Banish: send (someone) away from a country or place as an official punishment: they were banished to Siberia for political crimes - forbid, abolish, or get rid of (something unwanted).

It was tacitly assumed that... significant contribution... bold (courageous, doughty, brave) conjecture.
What had befallen him, the tragedy befell the country.
They greatly revered the formal norms (feel deep respect or admiration for).
Every writ is purposely crafted for a particular end.
It is perhaps worth reiterating... Zeno perplexed Socrates with paradoxes.

Captive state with decorative institutions, with a democratic façade for the outer world (imitating democracy), with all signs of usurped power. Hijacked confiscated country.
It is deceptively simple.
First dust off the discussion on this...
Every body perseveres in its state of rest, or of uniform motion in a right line, unless it is compelled to change that state by forces impressed thereon.

We gain renewed impetus (incentive, stimulus, spur, momentum) in doing so.
There was no impetus to enforce it (force, incite, spur, urge).
The former pimp shyly mumbled that...
This proved pointless.

He praises us for a flurry of activity.
System of checks and balances.
To vest the right, to vest the person with the power of...
Swim against the tide.
To attain the zenith of fame, in the zenith of power.

It hands in the air.
A ruthless tyrant or judge.
It steers us to the worst scenario.
Guilty as charged.
On which ground.
Broader loser sense.
With no scruple to dress this in... Exemplary.

I will no longer abide.
Hinder the trial.
Given the evidence of...
Seminal work...
Boomerang action.
The ground under this allegation is eroding...
To straighten this out...
Magnanimous.

Their lives and cases have intertwined.
Outlet, through which passage anything is let out.
The faintest star, a faint light at the end of tunnel.
Susceptible of simple solution.
The evidence is compelling.
To shroud something is to mask/conceal something.
Likewise...

To deflect the judgment, reject, dismiss.
To reflect on facts and pose right questions.
This deflects the magnetic needle.
He deflected our attention from the subject.
To be confined to a wheelchair.
A leap of imagination.
Inexhaustible supply of energy.

...were dispossessed of their properties.
...were unfairly deprived of their legitimate rights.
...were given no right to an effective defence.
...loot the bank of its assets, looting the corporate assets, hijack the bank.
...the accused, the aggrieved/victims.

Embezzlement, embezzle the property - to commit robbery, fraudulently misappropriate.
Coerce/enforce/impose/force. Designated judge.
...who subverted the key state institutions.
...the perpetrator/protagonist of the raids. He perpetrated cruelties on a scale never before imagined, under the pressure.
...at the behest of one individual.

Wanton disregard of legal norms.
The decision was upheld or overturned (reversed, overruled) by the Court of Appeal - was defended against challenge - the appellate court didn't overturn the trial court decision. The challenge was dismissed.
Deliberately ignored, on purpose, intentionally, premeditated, purposely.
Really defies belief - preposterous legend/story.
Manifest transgression of law, transgressor, transgressing beyond imaginary bounds/boundaries - transcend imagination.

Cheat with impunity.
Futile efforts. Infringements.
Court was biased and corrupt/complicit in this sham litigation, "under the colour of law", appearance of compliance.
The rule of law, coordination of the 5 cases management.
Documents pertained... pertinent details - groundless conjecture.
Embroiled into endless/ceaseless litigations, tangled in... entanglement... spawned suitcases.
This spawned many rumours.

Facts hitherto unknown.
Reportedly.
Self-explanatory, everlasting, ever-repeating.
Flaws, flawed consideration, without flaws.
Blatant arbitrariness, which ended up with...
Gross/Severe/Flagrant violations, distortions of...
Striking/shocking arbitrary conviction.
Quash the decision, set aside, dismiss.

Manifestly untenable argument, wrongfully.
Damage inflicted/caused is obvious, evident.
The unparalleled/unprecedented impartiality is cogent.
...aiming at dispossession.

Politically motivated/driven legal proceedings. Judges purported to act in compliance with...
Evidence supported... reasons on which are allegedly grounded... pretended, supposedly.

Predetermined outcomes.
Abuse of (abusive exercise of) judicial power.
Indict, indictment, charge.
To charge with the offence...
Claims, applicants. Complaint - Defendants - plaintiff/claimant - accusation/defence - bailiff - writ, order, judgment, injunction.
Cases tried and determined.
Shallow examination... based upon the foregoing.

Attempt to prevent from seeking redress before the Court.
Demand/request relief from injury, call for.
Seeking refuge/refugees... compelled to flee their country.
This impels to...
Remedy, just satisfaction/compensation for pecuniary and non-pecuniary losses they suffered (incurred), to restore the proprietary rights.
This was also expedited by the publication of...
Encountered/faced/triggered/Address an issue.
False, counterfeited, forged, spurious...

Raider attacks carried out in the summer of...
The contrivance was implemented... enacted...
Investigation conducted... carried out... on spurious legal grounds...
Enforced urgently, in an expeditious manner.
Court's orders were handed down to the raiders.
Revoking the previous orders, reversing the enforcement, rolling back the enforcement.
To complain to the court.
Pressures wanes, hinder/hamper the efforts, thwarted the plan, hastened to notify...

Inexorable/implacable or inflexible judges, no remorse, topics of the agenda, preemptive, strayed from..., bear resemblance, that glues the..., coupled/corroborated with, the decision entails..., encompasses, spurious imitation.
Emulate.
Rightful, wrestle, to contend, strive.
Gradually fades out.
Barred from.
Ascribe to. Rest assured. Nexus. Dodge investigation. Smashed. Wipe out. Prompted debates. Keen awareness.
Merits focus. Prejudgement. Likewise,... unlike... Court records.

Are worth outlining. Law-abiding citizens.
Trivial matters.
Veracity is disputed/contestable.
Accustomed to... habituated with...
Depicted. Noteworthy. Lacks.
Concise and comprehensive.
Irony of... Keen perception. Conceived...
Coped with rudeness.
For granted. Hash of facts.
Befogged/foggy/blurred/fuzzy speculation. Jammed between.
Under the guise of. He cloaked his ignorance by indifference.
Stiff obstruction/resistance.
Witty remarks. Shallow examination.
Embrace the practices. Embarrassment.
Reticence of substantial facts. In a looser sense.
It shapes the way it manifests.
Commonalities, similarities.

Render a decision (ruling) or a legal opinion.
Discrepancy, pay a tribute, attention drown - grip attention.
Adjust, tweak, tinker, solely responsible. Do not toy with...

To pursue a goal... emotional distress.
Landmark, to derail from.
Alienated. Rampant.
Drawing analogies, facets. Cornerstone.
Attunement/tweak/finely tuned to...
Novel tendencies.
Aligning with goals.
Wielding effective tactics.
Barely imitating/mimicking...

Seize opportunity. Bend the rules.
Persist in seeking... persevere.
Yardstick/ruler.
Empathy and persuasiveness.
This is no passing fad (whim, quirk).
Foster or discourage.
Mix of competencies, clustered tightly around...

Uneven application of law, selective.
Shortly thereafter... In ensuing period, ...
Underlying unity, interlocking, intertwining...
Gauge him... screw it up.
To withstand aggression and persecution.
Reluctant to explain.
Discard - get rid of, dispose of, dump, ditch.


Squeeze witnesses of...
Gain more political leverage.
Man evolved from monkeys.
Bargain with individuals...
This intrigues us and prompts much debate.
Thrive on robbery, committed with accomplices (acolytes, henchman).

This foreshadowed - prefigured...
Another strand of...
Freak of nature - theory fits the facts.
Dwell on/hover over the issues.
Misleading fallacy.
Reticence of substantial facts. Scant.
Lifting the fog around...
Unaided eye. Bare hands.

Lack of recall, shed light, with the advent of asymptomatic... Qualified.
Disqualifying opinion.
Handicapped by remaining clueless about...
Goal remains elusive...
Expels any doubt.
Lack of any rationality.
Contemptible and oddly contrasted - contempt, show open disrespect, deserving scorn, intense disgust or growing repugnance.

Loose his zeal. An avid promoter.
Borne in records/mind.
Twist the meaning.
Galvanized the attention.
Reassertion.
Give credence.
An exhaustively complete albeit concise report.
For the sake of completeness...
Ought to write... disdain other readers, treat as unworthy of notice.
Testify... formulate some reservations in asserting...

Experienced troubles in explaining...
Dispatch, dispense, apportion. Legibly.
To resort/to have recourse for use as the final available possibility.
Rely on the research results.
This estimate is only valid in surroundings...
Point out as satisfactory.
Outline, stress, emphasise.
To pinpoint the problem.
Enacted. Forecast.

Thinking behind his proposals. Indicator.
Incline to allude... you must admit.
Full implications.
Supported by evidence.
Nobody objects to...
Pointed out the nonsense.
Give the matter proper consideration.

Hurriedly commenced the investigation.
Consciously.
Preconceived frivolous statements.
Misjudge, misjudgement, judged unjustly.
Declines liabilities...
A tribute paid to...
Reduce uncertainty... Thoroughly examined.
It is a confluence of... and ...
Notwithstanding (in spite of, despite of) the defence, the court decided...

Nevertheless/nonetheless (adverb), the court disregarded the testimony (confessed by witnesses), just left it out of consideration.
Ambiguous=equivocal, deliberately misleading and elusive, leaving space for varying interpretation.
Unequivocal proof, unambiguous... univocal.
Having the article X triggered against him.


Assent to this statement, express the agreement.
To consent to - to permit, assent, acquiescence - agreeing to by being silent or a bit reluctant.
To contend with...
Applied in domains where they are not valid, the reasoning is wrong.
In short, ...
To say the least.
To make a long story short.
If we are not burdened with ideological baggage.


Swamped with boring details, dull company.
The proponent of this allegation...
Litigants and litigators, hearings and pleadings, incurred loss and equitable relief,
summons served (subpoena) and court imposes a temporary or permanent injunction.
Plaintiff has the burden of proof (beyond a reasonable doubt, or preponderance of evidence, in civil cases).
Lawsuit=civil action. Compensatory or punitive damages. All..., be they... or ... - are...

Simplex siggilum veri.
Appreciation spurs ambition.
This has proved to be... well-founded/ill-founded, fair-minded, carried out, his appointee.
Grab - take illegal possession.
Grasp is also understand. He was cleared of all allegations.

Flagrant denial of justice: conviction in absentia,
total disregard for the rights of the defence,
no access to an independent and impartial tribunal,
deliberate and systematic refusal of...
Natural justice, in contravention of natural justice, against bias, fair justice, conduct of hearings.
No fair trial guaranteed by Article 6.

Where such evidence is adduced, it is for the Government to dispel any doubts about it.
Pecuniary, non-pecuniary damages, costs and expenses.
With regard to... relative to...
They were not given the opportunity... broad and purposive interpretation,
tendentious, without probative support, adapted to a purpose.
Are futile given the level of corruption.
This section can be skipped at the first reading.

Subordination - subjugation - subversion: save from bondage/servitude/slavery.
Subverted=undermined=corrupted. Contradict, this belies the motion.

Res judicata.
Writ of execution, lien (securing the debt repaying), bank account or wage garnishment.
Similarly, ...
This is not..., and thus neither is the...
Yet another way to... is...
On the contrary, ... au contraire.
Turmoil. Itching.
Unleash your talents, his fury.
Lie with impunity.

He ordered the assignment of the case to...
They crowd around...
Apprehend - to take in custody, to detain or arrest.
Apprehension - intuitive view - comprehension.

Cogent evidence, compelling argument.
En route.
To be out of topic.
To overlook the facts.
The trial in question.

The case is embellished with bold conjectures...
This impairs the right.
Feeble argument.
Request lodged with the Court.
Retaliation.

Assessed on equitable (just) basis, relief, remedy.
Just satisfaction only if domestic law does not allow complete reparation to be made.
Legal assistance fees and suchlike.
Expenses only insofar as they are referable to the violations.
Costs and expenses must have been actually incurred.
Parties signatories thereto.

To determine to what extent the above requirements have been met.
Irrespective of the currency in which the applicant expresses his or her claims.
Art. 6 p.2: Everyone charged with a criminal offence shall be presumed innocent until proven guilty according to law.
Advantages and quirks (peculiar behaviour), joy and grief.
A final caveat (warning).
What's the prophetic significance if this omen?
The stem bears the leaves.
