The upshot, result, is that he is essentially powerless.
If you run, you can make it. Make it through difficult times.
That creationists trot out nonsense like these. You trot out that argument whenever I try to discuss this with you - bring forward for display, repeat, parrot.
I know we can get along.
You’ve broken into my house.
Decision grounded in faulty assumptions.
Talks aren’t matched by deeds.
This case ought to serve as a warning to the West.
Participate in mock battles.
Palatable, pleasant to taste.
The system is a boon to the users.
Amid controversies, have a strong sense of it.

Not so much so that he actually read it, but enough to show himself informed, not so much so that I can't enjoy it.
Stimuli to occasion problematic behaviour, to cause.
The accused motioned to reconsider the article, make a petition, move.
The defence lawyer moved for a new trial.
Must decide to file suit against the offender, bring an action against, a suit against, sue.
He motioned for the participant to sing the testimony.
They filled me in on all the latest news.
Whatever that means, it used to be the case of.
A foundation of just about everything.
Parse the statement, analyse.
His hold on power seems secure, driven into exile.
More generous, albeit far from lavish, social benefits.
To further this point, I must add.

In spare time, in my spare time I worked on it.
Frustration springs from your unwillingness.
Risk tolerance and moral compass.
Cut through all intricacies and tell us what it is about.
Isn't this idea up for challenge?
Take an approach verging on stupidity.
Kindness approaches imbecility.
That all sounds mind-meltingly complex, mind-boggling.
The problem is rooted in the approach.
Beating a dead horse, cutting corners.
Your guess is as good as mine.
In a puddle of blood, mud and urine.

Wishy-washy, indecisive, water-downed.
Draw distinction between them, make a distinction, but it’s just me.
I’ll save you the bother of having to do it.
Save myself the trouble (bother) of having to do it, avoid involving myself in useless or pointless effort.
I suggest you find other people to listen to.
Spare me your theories.
And crunch time was coming, critical period.
I didn’t mean to stir memories.
You help them escape retribution, retaliation, requital.
Can’t tell this from that, distinguish.
And totally bereft of creativity, deprived of, devoid of.

It looks a bit off, it seems off to me, somewhat strange.
A lapse of my memory, having a memory lapse, it’ll come.
It was a critical oversight, an inadvertence, incaution.
You may spare me the introduction.
No one has responded to my email as yet.
Seems to have no veiled intent to trick or mislead.
Ulterior motive to do so.
It is far more complex than you give it credit for.
The prominent features of these.
She has considerable legal acumen, skill in making correct decisions and judgments in a particular subject - sagacity, perspicacity, insight, discernment.
To pit one against another.
Here we go again, we’re about to experience the same.

Commendable, deserving praise, praiseworthy.
Final fling before the retirement, enjoyment and wild behaviour.
Safely ensconced in the back seat.
Split wide open.
I can’t help but laugh at how it was done, can’t help but ask.
We don't fancy that much, we don’t wish, desire it that much. Do you fancy going to see it?
We are minded to be or to do so, intend, have in mind.
He is largely credited with saving the country, he takes credit for that.
Officials scoffed at the allegations, scoff, mock, deride.
He taunted me with what happened years ago, taunt about.
The gang taunted him into doing that, tease, mock.

He locked horns over their plans, began to fight, argue.
But negotiations ended in deadlock.
Belatedly embracing the liberal trends, a time lag.
It will rear its ugly head, the problem will present itself after lying hidden.
I’ll give my best shot, one’s best shot.
Cover the wager before the bet is accepted. Who do you want to wager on, bet on? If I had to wager.
A far-fetched rationale (invented, contrived, dragged by ears).
It falls in the ambit of control of use, scope, perimeter.
The entitlement subsisted, remained in force, in effect.
In a somewhat inchoate form, rudimentary.
Dies ad quem, the day until which, by which day.
Lend himself to the project, give his talents/efforts to it.

Always humoring him to prevent trouble.
A miserly person, cormorant, pinchpenny.
There is a joke I'm fond of.
The opinion has soured.
Most likely, in all likelihood, in all probability, apparently, seemingly.
Untether yourself from this group, unbind, unleash.
The answer is an equivocation, elusiveness, use of ambiguous language.
Who else is going to humour you?
Take a stand against something, stand up to him.
So please indulge my ego.
Sad-eyed man.
Smirk at someone, smile smugly, complacently, pleased with oneself, conceited, arrogant.
Don’t pride yourself on this, for being so.

As though you had a pipe, as if we had it.
He dropped off the map, the radar, faded out of it.
But by and large, considering everything, generally speaking.
To spell out everything, explain in details, lay down.
Fraught with peril, loaded, pregnant, charged.
They are indistinguishable, indiscernible, indiscriminate.
He bankrolls the party, support financially, subsidise.
Accrue this wealth, amass.
A senseless struggle.
To hold the grudge, harbour a resentment toward someone.
To lose track of the time.
I’m conscious of this reason, of everything.
Spot the problem.

The edge of the precipice, abyss.
Get weary, physically and mentally fatigued, tired.
We crossed path with him, encountered unexpectedly.
Denial is not a strategy.
The factors lie outside the realm of…
Sue for peace, ask for an end to fighting, sue your enemies for peace.
He told me to drop by sometime.
I planned to drop by the office after the hearing.
Do you mind if I come over.
Vague, vast, daunting, ominous.
To pound him, strike or hit heavily and repeatedly, rain blows on.
Spoiler, whose sole purpose is to mop up the battlefield for a real candidate.

Mention upfront.
Accurate, to that point.
In point of fact, time-sensitive issue.
Check your records.
He mugs people.
He frowns on me when reading the letter.
A lot of people seem compelled to point out that.
With reasonable certainty.
Petty tyrant, waxing (polishing) his ego.
Outlandish request, eccentric, unconventional, uncommon.
Prefer to air their disagreements quietly.

I thought it right to apprise him, inform, notify.
He was well-apprised of the situation.
Condolences on your loss.
Poke around the office. Search, look.
Snoop around. Snoop into our affairs, pry into.
He didn’t do it then, nor since.
What is it you want to say, seek to say?
Strive, strain yourself to say, you endeavour to say.
Kindred spirit actors, related, like-minded, allied.

About the same time.
As per your request.
The day has been eventful.
Unfettered access, unconstrained, unlimited, unobstructed, untethered.
Shall we be worried?
I bet you don't know.
Reporters accosted him in the street.
I’m due for another meeting, appointment.
He abhors gambling, detest, despise.
This is not in question.
Forgo sleep, renounce to sleep.

Stick to reasonable deadlines, to their myth.
Just a few additions to what has already been said.
To help differentiate between them.
I have to leave out many things.
Was ill-suited for the job, inappropriate.
It changes at rapid cadence.
The matter at hand, at issue.
They were forthcoming with us, communicative, responsive, courteous, polite, sociable, chatty, sincere, open.
Not apprehensive, anxious that something unpleasant will happen.
Yell at him, honk at us.

The decision comes down to it.
Have an errand, mission, assignment, task.
Picked to accommodate your theory.
In case you haven’t noticed.
They crave vengeance.
The privilege to name it falls to me.
Be a dull and boring, lacking interest or excitement.
Try to make sense of it.
Who stands to benefit of it.

You startled me, shocked or alarmed, spooked by him.
Legit ways.
Prying question, privately inquisitive.
Feel a yearning (longing) for mountains.
They laboured from dawn to dusk in two shifts.
Fraught with danger, filled with, instinct with, imbued with.
It brings us below the bare minimum.
A thing that really bugs me.
To gradually phase out the democracy.

Today marks X years since then. X years passed since then.
Today is the Xth anniversary of it.
Outcast, pariah, scumbag.
God forsaken corner of the world.
The story goes on to state that.
Cheerful thought, to rejoice.
Anointed to the kingdom.
Were slain in the battle, the war came to a close.
She conjures the spirit, juggle, focus-pocus.
They give conflicting accounts of his death.
Delivered the coup de grâce.

Here’s something I don’t get.
Disaffected people, dissatisfied with the authorities, no longer willing to support them.
You’re wrong in your premise.
I could fathom the idea, understand after much thought.
Extenuating circumstance, mitigating, smoothing down.
Under false pretences.
Argue on false premises.
Ready to swing into action, set in motion a chain of events.
Don’t sell yourself short, don’t underestimate yourself.
Thoughts are conceived by walking.
So here goes my answer - the answer to that question lies in the history.
Admire yourself.

Most glaring omission, most conspicuous, obvious, salient, unmistakable, flagrant, manifest.
I have relented, conceded, succumbed, acquiesced.
Take aim at somebody or something, to direct severe criticism at someone.
Launch a diatribe against someone, a forceful and bitter verbal attack or criticism, slam, angry speech.
Double-check your sources before you take aim like that in the future.
Take stock of the situation.
Trying to drum up support for that.
He needs to persuade the hard-liners in the cabinet, who are uncompromisable.

Let’s get factual about the truth.
Corollary of the discussion.
What are we looking to achieve, seeking to.
It is the beginning of a thaw, a warmer weather.
Stunt the growth, prevent from growing or developing properly, stunting the rise.
Reprehensible, bringing or deserving severe rebuke or censure, disgraceful, despicable, discreditable.
Double down, to significantly increase or strengthen effort.
Irretrievable, irredeemable, irrecoverable loss.

Unexpected mood swing.
Contain his curiosity.
Is happening thus that we are always late.
Get on a par with the old one, on the same level and standard.
Spend time toiling to, working hard to. Labouring. Travail.
Leading to the fruition of the dreams, producing fruit, realisation.
It forced us into the way we live, into exile.
Come up with an explanation.
In a blaze of glory, in an impressive way.
Cast about for methods, weapons, something to say; devise a plan, search randomly.

Disgruntled user, unsatisfied, discontent, disaffected.
It would have been remarked in the writ but was not.
Also of importance are the annotations.
In an effort to increase its value.
It’s not like anything that matches your intuition.
Well-honed talent, refined and perfect over time.
To stand by our decision, to continue to believe so.
Entertain no illusions, be under no illusions.
Chastity belt, a device designed to prevent a woman from having sexual intercourse.

A lazy man’s way out.
The best I can come up with.
Don’t use that to validate your arguments.
Which you may have heard of.
Hiding away layers of abstraction, and oddities.
All in all, considering everything that has happened, came around.
To attach much significance to something.
It comes as no surprise that…
The amount of time gone by, passed.
As time went by, … passes.
He was groomed for, trained, prepared, bring up.

Too lenient with criminals, permissive, indulgent, forgiving.
By any stretch of the imagination.
It misses the point of the question.
It doesn’t bode well for them, which bodes ill for anyone.
If I were to hazard a guess.
On the surface, both are very similar.
Condemned for forsaking the oppressed.
Sullied reputation.
Pardon this historical excursion, but…
Question asked from a false premise.
We take no stance on this issue.

Whatever is the case.
Here is the thing.
Nothing jumped out so far, evidence that has come out.
One more thing to bring up.
Let’s do it, shall we?
This pertains to that.
Stop by the office on the way.
Jump the queue.
Lemme get this straight, let me.
No more yarn, implausible stories, they were yarning about.
The facts leave us with no choice.

The onus is on you to show that, burden, responsibility.
Dispassionately establish the objective facts.
A badge of honour.
Shrug out the threat, neglect, ignore, downplay.
My quick take on this is that.
Having the foresight to, foresee, foreknowledge.
Brittle, easily breakable.
When this question originally surfaced.
It reeks of wealth, stinks.

Cringeworthy mistake, causing embarrassment.
Crackdown on corruption, severe measures.
Need to straighten things out with them, clarify.
The second particularity resides in the…
The number climbs every day.
Factual background.
To ogle at, stare at in a lecherous manner.
Support was not forthcoming, ready or available when wanted or needed.
All share the same traits and profile.

Out of the blue, all of the sudden.
He gets sweaty when asked.
What gives him away, unintentionally reveals a secret about.
To table the amendment, present for consideration.
Can’t help myself, you need to resign yourself that...
Also noteworthy is the fact of.
The story got less funny as I  discovered…
Basking in flattery.
Skip ahead.

It’ll set a precedent.
I’d get along with him.
Swallow the bait.
A string of brazen attacks.
Fudge the issue, evade, dodge, so as to conceal the truth.
Questions turned into clamour, yell, shout.
Maven, savvy expert, omniscient connoisseur.
Shameful grovelling at the feet of, cringe, prostrate himself.
Unhindered access, unfettered, unobstructed.
It comes as a reaction to.
A dusk-to-dawn curfew, requiring people to remain indoors.

The problem boils down to money, reduce to essentials.
If I am not mistaken, unless I grievously misremember.
Unless I’m very much mistaken.
One more thing worth bearing in mind, be borne in mind.
They connive at the smuggling, government connive at graft. 
Connive to murder him, secretly allow the wrong to occur, pretend ignorance of or fail to take action against.
He harbours no illusions.
Step up, improve, step things up.
Expand criminal tentacles to every corner.

Put an arsonist in charge of the fire department. 
A fox in charge of a henhouse.
Petri dish, that biologists use to culture bacteria, litmus test.
A jerk, single motion, acceleration, but also a stupid person.

Someone you wronged sends their regards.
Grip of reality.
Problems brewing in this field, begin to develop.
Rival the god.
Pull into the port, pull into something, get involved in.
Let me put it very bluntly.
Perfectly obvious for anybody paying attention.
He was dithering whether to do it, hesitate, falter.
Leadership seemed to dither, be confused.
It didn’t factor in that equation. It doesn’t factor in.
Made the mistake of divulging this.

Zap his foes, obliterate, annihilate.
Try to wiggle out of his liability, manage to escape out of it.
Close to a tipping point, overbalancing, inflection point.
Closing point.
I don’t think we’re that far away from that being the case.
Authoritarian regimes have been on the upswing, increase in strength or quantity, an upward trend.
They valiantly resisted us in doing an investigation, manly.

Cry wolf, call for help when don’t need it.
You rock. You pull the rabbit out of a hat.
Go an extra mile, make an additional effort.
Bad day, but pull yourself together and get on with your job.
Find the common denominator.
Don’t have the faintest idea what is there around.
