Your imagination runs wild.
After four days, the possibility of survival dwindles.
It holds an untapped potential, still untapped.
This is not a small undertaking.
Don't expect it to be plain sailing, be easy to be done.
He is a picky eater, selective and capricious.
But I digress. I do have a point.
Up until recently, up until last week.
They fall victims of stereotypes.
It betrays the real plan.
You should have just asked that way, then you would have gotten the answer.
Stop sifting through garbage.
I'll see myself out, see him to the door.
I strongly second your opinion, support it, underpin it, back it, sustain it, endorse it.
He is cognitively impaired, suffers from confusion or memory loss.
Taking bold steps toward the objective.
Sounds incredibly dangerous, does it not.
This is a word I'm not familiar with.
He cleans house, firing the most troublesome.
It would not exist if they hadn't blazed the trail, show a trail with marks on trees, be the first and to show others how to do it.
They might find a way to screw up even the goals like this.
It proves the video in hindsight true.
We ought to shore up our defence, improve.
If you sit something out, you wait for it to finish, without taking any action.

Don't fret about that, worry, bother, concern.
Lovely people, by all appearances.
He wasn't able to lead a small team, let alone a country.
Brace yourself for what comes next, prepare to cope with something unpleasant, said to warn somebody.
I bet you didn't know about it.
The restriction was in place, but only in the past.
Given the rush, let's make it quick.
I simply wish to lend my support.
This is rather heartening, encouraging, reassuring.
Otherwise, this should raise some eyebrows.
He moved to outlaw the application.
Now they're almost on par with the perpetrators. 
Now we are going to switch to another subject.
An escalation we are not prepared to match.
They share some similarities.
He did not resort to logic, legal quibbles, subterfuges, sophism, or clever sayings.
They suddenly found themselves at odds despite having similar political views.
It was a slog, a hard and tiring work over a period of time.
In this apocryphal story, he is the MI5 stooge.
But an investigation found no wrongdoing.
A stroke paralyzed her, robbing her of the ability to speak.
We simply have no coherent grip on what time actually is, in physical terms.
Bored as he probably was, he did what he did best.
Write blogs to your heart's content, don't content yourself with a warning.
It could lead to heart arrest.
The server that filters this content off its site.
I have to share this gem with you.
I'll skip the event.
The authorities have mercilessly repressed the indigenous population.
This idea is laughable.
To test us, they tried to trip us up, to make us make a mistake.
They knew nothing about it and wouldn’t have cared much if they did.
Not particularly zippy, fast, quick, speedy.
That is not our concern nor ever was.
There are reasons to do it and reasons not to.

We've got two avenues to the solution, two leads.
The dearth of information on the topics, the lack, the scarcity.
If someone keeps tabs on you, they make sure that they always know where you are and what you are doing, often in order to control you.
The strategy aimed only at staving off their further conquest, stop something bad from happening, or to keep an unwanted situation or person away, usually temporarily.
It took some doing to find it, I had to tinker.
Care to try one.
You bet there are double standards at play.
A curated list, selected and organized by experts, for resource hogging applications, which takes or uses most or all of the resources in an unfair or selfish way.
There is no such political demand but some yet nurture similar dreams.
The appeal is frivolous, unfounded, non-meritorious, baseless, unmeritorious, groundless.
An unrepenting criminal.
He didn't do it, and for good reasons.
They cowered from the responsibility, shrink in fear, move away in fear.

I don't like it, but that's just me.
I'm sorry to mess everything up, spoil everything.
His story checks out, is verified and confirmed.
Let's set to work now.
The deadline passes.
Padding an account simply means you are adding extra money to your account.
Quit bragging.
It should be given high priority.
However, as time passed, it lost its esteem and was branded dishonorable.
It would be an easy topic if you carry a problem solving mindset.
They did not respond to repeated requests for comment about the details of the process.
The first thing to note is that the term is very misleading.
It is said that time heals all the wounds.
This is its animating force.
While rubbing elbows with celebrities.
He reads all this propaganda and is taking it at face value.
It would scare the other wannabe dictators, persons who want to be like someone else.
If you bothered to read, I never said that.

He dabbled in punditry as an acid-tongued critic, taking part in a superficial activity and expressing an expert opinion in a particular subject or field.
On we go to the next chapter.
They harbor no doubts that he is subject to sanctions.
We call on sides to maintain calm.
Me watching this country fall apart.
My fears were largely borne out. This assumption was not borne out by the evidence, not confirmed. They bear out this fact.
The truth is lost in the mists of history.
Sorry for being quiet the past couple days, or over the course of the past weeks.
A non-exhaustive list of features.
Most of them don’t have anything to be aware of in the first place.
Give yourself time to grow.
I'm not trying to be flippant, superficial, not showing a serious or respectful attitude.
We took a strong stance against them.
He intends to “tighten the screws”.
But as soon as the opportunity arose, they immediately ‘carved out’ a chunk of land from their neighbor.
Whose absence we keenly felt.
A few features I thought important.
He disposed of the temptation to do so.
I’m not going to try to litigate that issue here.
I just felt the need to marvel at this piece of work.
The time is ticking.
No one in his right mind would say that.
It’s a tad complicated, let me sketch it for you, to a small extent, somewhat.
It forced them to the negotiation table.
Sitting there collecting dust.
He was an undoubtedly fictional personage, just as much as all of them were fictional.
It resembled other things that have roiled the country in recent years, making a liquid turbid or muddy by disturbing the sediment.
I'm afraid you are out of luck.
An irredeemable error, which cannot be corrected.
Well, there's still a remote chance.
Spare me the heroics.

This is not up to debate.
I need it but I don't fancy the hassle.
Hand me the salt.
Last I heard.
I don't think they focus on it, and it shows.
But that phase has way passed.
A shadow of its former self.
That was undignifying, not conferring dignity.
But he knew full well that it was a fake.
He is a drunkard, a person who is habitually drunk.
How it will evolve over time.
They don't discriminate when it comes to non-admission.
Once he became important his stance on this matter appeared to shift.
He will spill the beans, disclose a secret or reveal something prematurely, divulge.
Some sections of this paper are bordering on plagiarism, are very similar without being identical.
It has opened up a wealth of questions for historians and archeologists alike. 
As of my knowledge cutoff in September 2021, I can confidently provide information about historical events, while the world is constantly evolving, to clarify the time-frame.
The conditions are not yet fully determined or set in stone.
She was not a KGB agent, but they certainly had a handle on her.
A contentious issue often elicits conflicting viewpoints or sparks controversy and contention, draws out.
Insights to facilitate comprehension rather than altering the fundamental concepts.
I thought him a poor strategist.
Leaving them behind in its wake.
From that point onward, it regained the dominant position.
Going off the rails.
This lends some credibility to the rumor.
The politicians are, unfortunately, led by the nose by businessmen.
I found the Crown of France lying in the gutter, and picked it up with my sword. Napoleon.
Political freedom is an accepted myth thought up by those governing to put the governed to sleep, invented, devised.
It is worse than what it seeks to avoid.
The people must be saved against their will.
Give the devil his due.

The largest on record.
According to some irreverent commentators, disrespectful, disdainful.
You're so considerate, thoughtful towards other people
Well, that killed the mood.
But one thing particularly caught my attention.
He took a crack at predicting the future.
People who were raised in older times who keep the conflict alive.
In the years following, they largely stuck to the same testimonies.
He can pump out fake news via state media.
He tapped state resources to tilt the playing field in his favour.
The court rules against the appeal.
Whom he branded a "terrorist".
Stop the lawlessness, the disregard of the law.
Finding a way to fact-check the information without repeating the false part of it.
Good weather on polling day should ensure a good turnout, the number of people who are present at an event, especially the number who go to vote at an election.
They showcased determination, displayed.
Two competing theories have emerged, one holds one thing, the second contends another.
He took the stand in court to accuse his accomplices, gave testimony in a court of law, attested, bear witness, testified.
Because it was bound to go wrong, with the ill-informed electorate.
That’s fine. It suits me well.
Which was unheard of, extremely uncommon or unusual, beyond belief.
That is sound and secure, unlike renewables which are neither.
Ill-fated uprising.
Not long after, he took a different tack, tried a different method for dealing with a situation.
We don’t know exactly how it will play out.
The officer had been placed under formal investigation on charges of voluntary homicide and detained.
The deal he claims to have brokered.
Thebhard-liners could criticize the authorities with some impunity.
That needs to be defeated, not negotiated with.
He didn’t start off badly, he had some innovative ideas that, on the surface, might have made sense.
I’m sorry you feel that way.
He again appears poised to become the nominee for president.
Both had fanned the flames, convincing their followers there had been fraud.
It is beyond saving.
They are still able to call the shots, be in the position of being able to make the decisions that will influence a situation, to assert authority, to be in command.
I view them as a short-term phenomenon dedicated to a niche target market.
Believe it or not, it's pretty difficult to achieve.
The bullshit spouted by him and the likes.
Then he grew bold enough.
He tried to wipe out the incriminating evidence.
If you want a shorter solution, then it is a solid pick.
An opportunity came to check it.
It puts strain on the relationship.
The level was at all-time high.

He is a bystander, a person who is present at an event or incident but does not take part, beholder, passer-by, onlooker, spectator, observer.
I'll take a crack at answering your question.
He begrudgingly consented to it, reluctantly or resentfully.
Those who are dissatisfied with the council's decision can file a suit in court or file a case in criminal court.
Success favours the well groomed.
Just five minutes to dash off a letter, write in a quick and hurried way.
Given time and open debate, ordinary people show great perspicacity.
Newfangled ideas, newly fashioned, abou5 how things unfolded.
A well-off merchant, having sufficient money.
Concerns to worry about, for a number of reasons.
He is going through a rough patch, experiences a lot of problems in a period of your life.
The cons far outweigh the pros.
Pretty embarrassing to be taken short in the middle of a meeting, to go quickly to the toilet.
Use this in preference of that.
Our patience is growing thin.
Strong enough to meet challenges posed by artificial intelligence, marvel of engineering.
I'm going to hazard a guess.
I had better send you an email.
I would sooner explain it in writing.
We are just treading water, are active but without making progress.
Take more vodka to numb the pain.
Honestly, that never even crossed my mind.
Because that is what your question suggests.
They defend their position arduously, but avoid any unpleasantness and quietly pull out of the discussion.
I can’t take on any more work at the moment.
I've been biding my time for years, just waiting for a chance, waiting patiently.
Crashed by the wheels of progress.
I commend them to your care, entrust.
He is deemed one of the good managers, who is known for being brutal, is believed to have been so.
Nonetheless, I'd like to give my opinion, for what it's worth, used to show that you know someone may not care, but you are going to say something anyway.
It has seen better days.
Wasteland and wonderland.
He was simply advocating one wannabe autocrat over another, a person who tries to be like someone else or to fit in with a particular group of people.
He persuaded Moldovans that the country had made enormous strides under his watch.

I remember him saying this to me.
He was later proved correct.
He outdid himself in cynicism and hypocrisy.
Yes, you heard it right.
To carry the plan he had conceived into execution, carry the plan out.
I'm beyond happy with all this.
And I just scratched the surface.
Stop grimacing at me, making faces.
A warmonger, a person who encourages or advocates aggression towards other countries or groups.
It's early days yet, too soon to know how something will turn out.
It sets itself apart from the mob.
Little mention is made of the fact that it is plainly wrong.
People left unchecked, unattended.
I've been press-ganged into doing this.
Unfortunately, no luck with that. 
Sooner or later, the system was consigned to collapse, marked to be sent to a particular destination.
For people familiar with the matter.
The punishment was meted out by the regulator for violations of professional duties, given or ordered a punishment or made someone receive cruel or unfair treatment.
There is one small snag, an unexpected or hidden obstacle or drawback.
To grasp what the method aims to.
We know that with a high degree of certainty.
They are wonderful for beginners and professionals alike.
This is where the guide comes in.
This is preferred over that.
The timeliness of the request, opportuneness.
Frustrated for not yet finding a diplomatic fix over the snag.
So if it is a lie, it’s a well-intentioned one, but more simply, it’s just one of the many bad analogies that have been invented.
I can't overstate how beneficial it proves.
It’s great to be partnering with them.
One hypothesis which sounds pretty cool.
A match made in heaven.
Does he make a pass at her, or was he just being nice, make sexual advances, hit on one.
Look at the mess you've made.
It did not, all things considered, amount to a provable criminal offense.
The rest of the world may take decades to catch up, despite billions in investment.
So in answer to your question, it’s not about accuracy.
Am I right in saying this?

Partly as a hedge against failure.
Whatever you think best.
A malcontent, dissatisfied and rebellious person.
The way from pledged to delivered.
To simplify them down to only two.
I shall say something not known widely.
Period, end of story.
It wasn't until they came and decided.
And worse of all, he doesn't show goodwill.
Greed blinds men.
Someone reliable who can deliver on their promises.
I value your cooperation.
I've got the point and I've put it on hold.
It has done little to assuage the tensions.
To make matters worse.
It's a throwback to an earlier era, a return.
It spurs him on, encourages and stimulates.
No one can or will explain the delays because there are no good reasons, only bad ones.
Fertile ground for swindlers.
We need not constantly berate ourselves for them; rebuke angrily, admonish, reprimand.
The official account of the discussion was notable for its omission of two words.
He sets out a plan for that.
They try to skew things to make it look bad.

People have a need for a strongman to lord over them.
Watch it happen or make it happen.
I don't crave praise.
They fed false information. 
Keep what you can grab.

A lopsided view, asymmetrical, skewed, one-eyed, tilted, biased.
It reveals room for improvement.
Under no circumstance people will endorse this plan.
The breach of random allocation rule is an euphemism for "naming dedicated judges to bring the raider's scam about".
When we think of it, that's what comes to my mind.
Molère's Tartuffe, the religious hypocrite who weasels his way into confidence and then betrays him, achieves something by use of cunning or deceit.
Take care of what you wish for, it might come true.
I demand to know, what if things go sideways.
Hard as it is to imagine.
I hurt your feelings.

It didn't used to be so.
That's about to change.
The truth be told, never. Not once.
But let's pass over that, because the real answer lies elsewhere.
Now it's real men's turn.
I don't even know what to compare it to.
Counting down to liftoff.
His prime aim is to counter them.
They make up the majority of the population.
You'll have a great handle on how to further use it.
We asked a few discreet questions, not arousing anyone’s suspicions.
Reach the assent to prevent the rift in the society.
They became strong, so did their neighbours.
The pendulum has swung hither and back.
They coached him on how to lie.
Hold it near and dear, in very high esteem.
A ruthless adapt-or-die world.
When opportunity knocks.
The grass had withered to an unappealing brown, become dry and shriveled.
We realised it belatedly.
I’ll take a crack at this, since my suggestion is somewhat different from the others.
Conversation turned out like the mute with a deaf.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, closely acquainted.
Continue the line of inquiry.
A trove of files, a bunch of thugs.
I have no clue if it is due to security concerns.
Turn to rubble, reduce to rubble, completely destroy.
I've taken my inspiration from your work.

It's my treat, I'll pay, it's my gift.
In case you were wandering.
To kickstart the campaign, start an engine on a motorcycle with a downward thrust of a pedal.
We repeatedly flagged problems.
It is like a bone stuck in the throat. People can choke on it, clog up, congest, gag, obstruct.
Masterful choice of words in your statement.
Saddle up. Never a dull moment with you.
Get off the grid, disappear from the radar.
It is reminiscent of the past blunders, calls to mind that particular event, makes you remember it.
Create jaw-dropping works of art.
An honest mistake, made unintentionally or unknowingly and without the intention of causing harm.
He is framing his trip as a mission of peace.
Their culture is way off from ours.
Actually, it was opposite to my intent.
It shouldn't get in the way, make it difficult to happen or continue.
We'll talk it over, discuss the situation.
He tended plants, looked after and took care of them.
He sold them out; betrayed someone for a personal benefit, compromise of a person's integrity, morality, authenticity, or principles by forgoing the long-term benefits of the collective or group in exchange for personal gain, such as money or power.
By holding them back from catching up with the more advanced European nations.
The concept is subjective and open to interpretation.
He was sporting a mustache, wear, display, exhibit, parade, flaunt ostentatiously.
If aggression pays off, then there are no limits.
Hard work always pays off.
He was “all that and a bag of chips.”
His alcoholism exacerbates.
Basically every medieval king fancied himself a Roman emperor in some way or another.
A dangerous undertow, a current of water below the surface and moving in a different direction from any surface current.
Consider yourself very fortunate.
There appears to be zero self-awareness among legacy media.
The infamy and disgrace of the defeat will be much forgotten.
That’s why it’s such a grind, hard dull work.

Stir the pot and muddy the waters.
Unwitting participant or victim, not aware of the full facts.
Keep him sleeping with an eye open.
It is reasonable to believe though.
Pass it along to them, turn it over to them, deliver.
We debriefed him, question about a completed mission or undertaking.
Or so he thinks.
It goes against the facts.
But I am warning against jumping to conclusions.
Little was immediately known about the assailants.
Yes, except that it is not so.
One of my sorest troubles, painful.
What are the key takeaways.
If you’ve got a lawyer on retainer and nothing better to do with their time, you might consider suing your school for malpractice, because every word of that is wrong.
He's acting up, behaves badly, misbehaves, is capricious.
Catch up with the updates.
The shortfall is worsening, shortage or deficiency.
It is (for lack of a better word) a conviction that Nature is logical and free of self-contradictions.
Our best theories to date.
He was a small-time crook (not worth much), swindler, counterfeiter and thief down on his luck, experiencing a period of misfortune.
Unless we jump into it, it'll work under the guise of an institute.

Claiming, against all evidence.
He has no regard for rules.
The forthright nature of the debate, direct and outspoken; straightforward and honest.
As it sold the entire business to an oligarch for a pittance, for nothing.
Now it gets interesting.
A small fee on your end.
And my interest reawakened.
They all broadly share the same characteristics.
Hold fast to this opinion.
Put on equal footing, on the same conditions.
In a similar vein, in the same manner or fashion.
Who the burden of proof rests with.
Give him the credit he is due.
A good take on the situation.
Slightly garbled, distorted.
It is etched in stone, engraved.

To patch it up and pretend it is fixed, repaired.
All the foreboding that gripped me has faded.
Help him avoid sanctions.
It prevented them from doing so.
We are none the wiser, still confused about something even after it has been explained.
He received a troubling phone call which caught him by surprise.
With the initial plan in tatters, he was searching for new rationales to justify the effort.
Assert the country's greatness.
The plan proved a failure.
He’s of sound mind.
It’s like when two chess players are playing. One of them is losing and bashes the other one over the head with the chessboard.
On occasion, from time to time.
Thank you for agreeing to meet and discuss.
I am pondering whether they'll change any of the words.
Fierce resistance doesn't meet our initial assumptions.
All interpretations require one to accept something strange is afoot.
A historical accusation was leveled at him by some sources.
Think the plan out, so it is foolproof, incapable of going wrong or being misused.
It begins to take on significance, to become suddenly more meaningful.
In front of him there lay not death but annihilation.
I don't see how it could get any worse.
The premise of this question harbors some misconceptions.
Looking at it from afar, from aloft.
Not a step you can skip.
Because I'm reminded of how weak it has become.

I can't wait that long.
Partway to the island.
During his tenure, the holding of an office.
And pledges allegiance to the Party.
Fastuous ceremony, ostentatious, showy, arrogant, contemptuous.
Lack of resolve, we are resolved to do it.
But at last nobody of any note believed the bogus story.
Prescient, devine omniscient having foreknowledge of events, human anticipation of the course of events, foresight, power of foreseeing.
Download, print and read along.
It'll make you cringe.
All the more so that the topics is absent.
And still more so if compared with the imaginary future.
This was primarily aimed against further escalation.
I lived through the event and know how it is.
We have a wealth of evidence for it.
Hide a designer to touch it up a bit, make small improvements to the appearance.
Finish everything at a stretch, in one time.
We are reasonably sure of it.
The nuclei of discontent in the mob, degree of discontent.
Contradiction of the plain facts.
If the facts say otherwise, then they must be altered.
Whatever you hold it is true.
Outlay, an amount of money spent on something, expenses, expenditure.
But on second thought, children are probably better off starting from scratch with their peers.
Run the party as his personal fiefdom, feudal area.

We got to wait and see how it lands.
Very much so.
No conclusive evidence as of yet, and no plans have been submitted as of yet.
And prove his worth to the cause.
With that in mind, I would impart it to you, the nearest, to the world.
With no discernable details.
We are headed for trouble.
He feared, and understandably so, avoided it.
Stuck in a rut, habit or pattern of behaviour that has become dull and unproductive but is hard to change, wheel track.
Erstwhile foes have now become partners.
The opportunities lie in the offing, in the nearest future.
You can take hold of valuable data.
Give a dog a bad name and hang him, if a person's reputation is besmirched, then he will suffer hardship.
In light of recent events, which we interpreted as fortuitous, by accident.
The origin of the term is still contentious, in dispute.
Over the years a small number of theories have gained traction.
So adroit at handling people, skilful, resourceful and dexterous.
The poverty-stricken situation blasted all her hopes.
The oldest joke traces back to 1900.
With whim or malice aforethought, premeditation.
It came into being and it may have arisen again.
Wallow in myopia, flounder, swamp.
Ephemeral, short-lived, lasting for a short time.
I am at a loss as to how to otherwise define it, at a loss to answer.
So far as my knowledge of it goes, as to my knowledge.

Damned if you do, damned if you don’t.
Elevated risks.
The term is more trouble than it's worth.
Still rolling on the floor laughing.
Fortunately, nothing of the sort.
Shy about asking questions.
In every work of genius, we recognize our own rejected thoughts. Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Throughout these past years.
Procedural safeguards which must be observed.
The court declared the defendant non compos mentis and mandated time served in a psychiatric facility, lacking mental ability to understand the nature, consequences and effect.
Instead of breaking lances with him.
As a consequence of the attacks.
Rules valid for everyone alike.
A staunch supporter of those principles, loyal and committed in attitude.
You got to level with me, be sincere with me, not disingenuous.
Despise and treat with contempt, you can't get away with it.
He has no bearing whatsoever on the case.
Provide a great value to you and your business.
Try to keep this short and simple.
Some of the charges probably suffice on their own for a death sentence.
He was on the fence about what to do.
In so doing, he prejudiced our interests.
Our journey, whatever the outcome.
The choice falls to each of us.
Unnecessary, or at best redundant.
If I understand him aright, properly, correctly.
For reasons they can’t necessarily verbalize.
They were offered cash and perks.
Somehow this release escaped my attention, eluded my understanding.
They are wise to us, fully aware and cognizant of something suspicious, illegal or malicious intention.

He has been given an easy get out, way out.
We all agree on it.
Why has he ordered us arrested?
I've got a sense that it was mutual.
The intention is vague, to say the least.
Forego niceties, forsake your daily affairs and forestall the threats.
Supporting or sitting idle.
Two witnesses have come forward with information, volunteered to testify.
An opinionated person, stubborn and assertive, dogmatic.
It can spell the end of an epoque, draw to an end, herald, usher.
No one is going to babysit them.
Keep an eye on the hands.
Callous exploitation and mitigating factors.
I cannot stress enough how incomprehensible.
Nothing short of alien, nothing else than alien.
It came about by blind chance.
He sighs and mutters to himself.
Be held in high regard by historians.
Use it as a springboard to dictatorship.
A man with a physical impairment is not fit to rule.
Locked in a standoff, 
a stalemate or deadlock between two equally matched opponents in a dispute or conflict.

We get to start implementing a lot of the things.
Most of the promises end in failure and disappointment.
Size people up, make an estimation or judgment of them.
It was mentioned in passing.
Now we can part as good friends.
Out of respect.
That wounds me.
Time's up, roll over and play dead.
He always speaks ill about others.
You don't get anywhere with haggling on the asked price, dispute the price.
We found no evidence of a meaningful relationship between the two events.
In the ensuing drama, to earn a living as a professional lier and swindler.
Defamation or denigration can be spoken (slander) or written (libel).
Turn the screws, put pressure.
Matters still under consideration.
Change your mind when presented with data that contradict your beliefs.

He will scour the web for anything denigrating.
Prepared to wait it out.
How things worked out.
They are tantalizingly close.
Petty-bourgeois is what he is.
This has always been in plain sight.
Master all our strength to get up.
Another looming threat.
Isn't keen to join their ranks.
Economically, there were tough times.
Most of them would be bemused, confused, bewildered.
The system is buckling under the strain.
Spheres of influence and the joint suppression of attempts to change the status quo.
A word of clarification.
It is not just their rights that are at stake here: so, too, are our rights.
We didn't make enough concessions.
He had everything a king could wish for.
Three factual notes.
Terms for sitting down at a negotiation table.
They must pay in full.

We had to ward off the attackers, push back or prevent, avert.
You can still hop in the last wagon.
He could never live up to our expectations, fulfill expectations.
Another name that springs to mind.
When all this comes to light.
If you ever make it to heaven.
Deflated and on a downward slope.
Swear fealty to a new king.
Finish the school with good grades, marks.
The issue came to the fore, became prominent, conspicuous.
This sort of reasoning rings a bit false, or rings true, seems or sounds true.
A blackout, enforced as a precaution against air raids.
At no point did I have the feeling of being rude.
The car whizzed by, passed quickly. Time whizzed past, we whizzed through the rehearsal.

The theory is full of holes that scientists are still trying to patch up.
This subject is taken off today's agenda.
It sounds about right.
Before we take a beating for that.
That's quite a  feat, an achievement that requires great courage, skill, or strength.
Regain and act with composure, calm and control of ourselves.
He courts the Arab world and stands in the way of the admission.
Everything goes smoothly.

When you hit the limit.
Take no notice of him.
Let's unwind, relax after a period of work or tension.
Both men took pains to say that he was not to blame; tried very hard to do so.
Unendurable pain, be strict with yourself.
Stop letting yourself be pulled in all directions.
In case something should befall him.
It gradually took root.
It happened courtesy of the judges.
Let's get down to the matter.
It didn’t immediately go extinct.
I have (experience) difficulties ignoring this fact.

The story was as imaginary as the narrator himself.
Actions supposed to offset the damage incurred, counterbalance or to compensate.
I am of the same mind, agree on most things.
This misconception is worth addressing.
So I followed along with the crowd.
To explain it I need to go a little bit technical on this one.
We sought clarifications.
They grin like monkeys, smile broadly.
It has long fascinated me.
He is in the crosshairs of a recent wave of attacks.
It worked wonders for us.
A question arises before we can cast light over it.

I come short on my estimates, fail to meet my expectations or goals.
He came short of the achievement, almost got it.
This election really is too important to sit out.
I'd rather sit this meeting out, not participate or get involved.
More grounds for caution.
It never goes unpunished.
I give you that, admit it is true.
Even amid difficulties, despite troubles.
I could hazard a guess.
Don't listen to idle rumours and gossip.
The predicament tests our mettle, our capacity to cope with difficulties.
Not only is there evidence, there is an exact formula.
We wouldn't consider the partnership, much less the sale.
He guards the house.
Can you spot the weasel words in this question? Achieved by cunning or deceit.

Their skills leave to be desired.
It will benefit all of them.
As a quick aside, it is worth noting that.
It took me a little while to find my bearings in the new office; get my bearings, figure out my position.
Jeer the speaker off the stage, deride and shout with mockery.
The men met for five minutes with mannered civility, then rose, shook hands, and parted.
I suggested “fine tuning” the language.
It left a trail of wreckage and destruction across the country.
Hence the lag.
A slightly belated welcome to Quora.
But it’s worth a repeat, I think.
The idea is wacky, funny or amusing, weird, outlandish, odd.

It lays the basis for further steps.
As I shall describe later.
It runs the show we call a state.
It is of little value to me, but it makes the poor guy happy.
I can't see past the wall.
Much ado about it, much fuss or stir.
Once we allow for this possibility, for this to happen, admit.
Don't try to sneak a false premise into a question.
You touch upon some important things, briefly mentioned in passing.
Pleased to welcome you in our midst.
Havoc, it laid waste to the continent, devastated.
He fended off the reporters, defended himself successfully from their critics, and claimed credit for it.
He ramped up threats against them, increased.
It would be disingenuous to suggest that, pretending you know less than you do, dishonest, deceitful, not candid, not frank.
I'm obviously being cheeky here, naighty, insolent, daring.
With whim or malice aforethought, premeditation, propensity, bias, predilection, partiality.
It is worth ending with.
At least not to the degree necessary.
A drawn-out spectacle, lasting or seeming to last longer than is necessary.

He decided to step in, intervene.
It’s important to get basic facts right.
I had my fair share of it.
A society perfectly primed for such a worldview, be ready and know what to do in the situation.
Small wonder that it happened so, little wonder, no wander.
Simply restated, it took generations to accomplish.
Despite my dislike of rankings.
I hasten to add that the law has far-reaching effects, important and widely applicable implications.
A non-partisan group, towards any particular political group.
It should be a worry at all.
Assorted, mixed, of various sorts put together, miscellaneous.

A touchy subject, oversensitive.
Have a fuzzy memory.
Put the champagne at chilling.
I was passing your house, so I thought I'd stop by for a chat, visit briefly.
I can't make it any more clear.
When you have time, come over for a coffee.
They have elbowed their way into the mainstream.
He fought in the ranks of the regiment.
Do the utmost to expedite the process.
It is not worth talking about.
He went to extreme length to do it.
I haven't seen him for a good while.
A ceremony designed to lend an air of legitimacy to it.
Power to manipulate the results without leaving a trace.
How can anyone say it in their right mind?
Bloviatory speech, the art of speaking for as long as the occasion warrants, and saying nothing, rambling as a bloviator.
Sponsored narrative.

How did it come to light, became known publicly or evident?
We can't rush the process.
I think a recess is in order.
You're sick listening to the whole story – you cut me short, interrupted doing it to the end.
But as time went by, I realized I was wrong.
She's grown more disconnected from reality as time goes on.
Unlike yesteryears, today you need not it.
It would die within a few years afterwards.
Rousing folk dances, a rousing speech, exciting, stirring.
Thanks to those who made it happen.
It's not my place to say, and it's not your place to discipline people.

My bad.
Let's set it right, correct it, alter a situation to make it more fair.
As far as it goes, satisfactory to a certain degree.
How did this confusion come about, began to happen.
Blatant lie, outright lie.
We should speak up for him or against him.
Apparently chosen at random.
Grappling with problems.
They wised up later, if we don't wise up soon, became more aware.
It got all the hype, but not the hype won the case.
The facts were accepted as presented, so was the retainer, the fee in advance.
I was outraged at his attempt to do so, infuriated, angry, mad.
They decided to lay charges of bribery against him, accuse him of bribery.
Every peacock has to flaunt its feathers.

How so? Why is that (so)?
Suboptimal solution, dissatisfactory.
An inhospitable place.
Public dissemination of knowingly false information.
The doorknob question, proving the crucial information on leaving the room, ambush.
Unmanned suicide drone.
It would be reckless to forsake the responsible use of it, abandon.
The odds-on favourite to win, more likely.
So that the punishment fit the crime.
Let's meet halfway.
You know the drill, what has to be done, be familiar with the regular procedure.
A fledgling company.

It doesn’t take a genius to figure out they were working on something bedazzling, greatly impressive with outstanding appearance.
But they were not as advanced as we project on them.
I can't stress this enough.
Time slips away.
Looking at the wrong end of the telescope.
Unbridled ambition, uncontrolled, unconstrained.
In order to elicit evidence of the crime and identify the perpetrator, obtain, bring out, extract.
Expedition, as “justice delayed is frequently justice denied.” It does, however, foreclose dilatory tactics, unreasonable extension of time, and protraction of hearings; rule out, exclude.
The due process is regarded as the embodiment of “minimum standards in the administration of justice”. It guarantees aliens the right to a fair trial and prohibits arbitrary and discriminatory conduct before judicial and other governmental agencies:
Right to a speedy trial;
Right to a public trial;
Right to an unbiased tribunal or impartial jury;
Right to full notice and explanation of the charges being brought and the grounds for bringing such charges;
Right to counsel;
Right to confront and cross-examine adverse witnesses;
Right to have the court compel favorable witnesses to appear;
Right to receive exculpatory or opposing evidence from prosecutors;
Right to call witnesses and present evidence;
Right to make a record that can be reviewed on appeal;
Right to have a decision based solely on the evidence presented;
Right to review or appeal of a judge or jury’s decision.
