It has just come to my attention that.
We are flagging concerns on, over, about.
Have a good think.
Give our conversation some thought.
I did some readings about it.
Take the temperature.
Given the challenges we face.
In case you hadn't noticed.
Rumours to dismiss.
Bear with me, remain attentive in a lengthy situation.
Lead us out of the mire.
Anything but amusing.
Getting out of it would be a good start.
It needs translated.
First offer that comes along.

We bring forth new evidence.
it just occurred to me, suddenly comes into your mind.
I say that just as a point of comparison.
We might also wonder, in passing, which is that; casually or as an aside during a conversation.
My understanding is that they can make it.
This is where we run into difficulties, I'm afraid.
The right words elude me.
Unless I'm missing something.
I know as much as you do.
Which brings me to my questions, leads to my next point.
Overstep the mark.
Act on conviction that we must realise it.
Stir emotions, but not to this extent.
The final say on this.

This got me thinking that.
He fumes, express great anger.
Which has little to no connection to either regions.
He holds the lead in the contest.
His signature dish.
For a short while, a force to reckon with.
A fair amount of independence.
Cleanse the party of opponents.
The hunter and the doves.
The city and environs were wrested from the enemies.
Religious bias.
Big things start small
Bully with a smile
It shows nothing of the sort, om its face.
Favour. Name it.

I'm going to spectate.
The idea is picturesque but not very accurate.
Pictures and books and manuscripts and whatnot.
Now I should hasten to add, supplement with.
The proof is longer and messier.
He covets another's property, crave, is consumed by the desire for it.
Stands out from the crowd.
That’s basically your best bet at killing him.
Our best bet is to leave, most favourable option available in particular circumstances.
The joyful marriage of confidence and ignorance.
It cries out for acknowledgment.
It put us in peril.
It might sound trite, stereotyped, lacking originality or freshness; dull on account of overuse. 

If you don't mind me saying/asking.
To alter the prospect.
To court danger, death, disaster - what may result in - the politician courted controversy.
He was positive about the that.
Once free from prying eyes.
Cause havoc, widespread devastation and destruction.
Where is it going to land us in the long run?
Straighten up, clarify, resolve the confusion.
Get a few more tools under your belt.
Another point of agreement.
They are subsumed into the category or under the label.
It's not me who needs convincing.
Wordy, verbose, not unique to similar matters.
That said, to recap.
An attempt to communicate to a lay audience.

More so, same goes for all the rest.
A buckler, any defence, guard or protection.
It comes to the rescue again.
Can you expand on that, go into detail about that.
Wary, feeling or showing caution about possible dangers or problems.
No bearing whatsoever.
And see where it lands you, where it gets you.
I am unused to discuss in such a style.
Before it come along, acquiesce the evil.
Call to account, question about wrongdoings, time for reckoning comes.
Reverse the sequence of events.
Lavish us with attention.
Sorely disappointed, missed, lacking.
Spy on me.
Extol the virtues, praise enthusiastically.
They debase us, belittled.
He means harm, he means no harm.
Waive all rights, refuse.
Out of my element, truth be told.
Nothing new, just repacking stuff what we already know.

One of the crowning achievements.
When he came along, make his appearance, show up.
Haven't found anything of note.
Dangling on a hook.
Was quick to realise.
Under the canon of ethics.
It is worth its while.
He's good at ferreting out the facts, find by careful search.
A wretched creature, in a very unhappy or unfortunate state

A tunnelled vision, without wider viewpoint.
Jotting notes.
No rush, at leisure, to your own convenience.
Wary to do something, prudent, wary of strangers.
Defile, sully, mar, spoil.
The more evidence we accrue, accumulate, amass, collect, gather.
Fling something on it, toss, hurl, drop, throw, was flung.
Instead of puking up moronic arguments of irreducible complexity, fart out.
The passerby, passersby.
Quite a lot to take in, to grasp, absorb, comprehend; I think I can take it in.
Better left unsaid.
Give a vague sense of it.

Confession given under duress, forced or coerced.
A curt reply, rudely brief.
What prompted the change, of your mood.
Unwilling to be railroaded into the decision, press (someone) into doing something by rushing or coercing them.
A drop in the bucket, a very small amount compared to the amount needed.
Began popping out kids like for free.
Her career had begun anew.
Unless you haven’t heard it yet.
An easy mark for the villain.

It caught my attention.
It proved valuable.
Had to revise the attitude.
Nab another crook, catch him doing something wrong, hem in.
A dimwit, moron, silly man.
A stroke of luck, good happened by chance.
Numb the grief with alcohol.
It went no better.
Nobody ever topped him.
He has perks, privileges.
They recanted, say that one no longer holds an opinion or belief.
To dust off the old book and start studying.

What would you call it.
An offshoot, a branch.
Take a nap, snooze, short slight sleep.
His turf, his territory.
Information is scant on this.
Put or have one on the payroll.
Once in a while.
In a fit of madness, moment.
He is a hell raiser, someone who is apt to act wildly and cause or get into trouble.
As marks of esteem.

As summarised above, set out above.
Filled to the brim.
More complex than meets the eye.
I don't mind waiting.
In a manner I see fit.
In whatever way you see fit.
It is stretching out ahead of you.
To rifle into our stuff.
Not without cracks in the mold.
Say your wish.
To your heart's content.
I lent my credibility to it, lend support to him, lend credence.
Make you whole, repair.
Be in thrall to someone, in complete servitude.
A meeting to have him explain his actions, have him clarify it.

If you are totally confused by now, you are also totally excused.
The concept of it was just awakening.
By any reasonable metric.
Contortion of law, distortion, misrepresentation.
Give the weapon a longer lifespan.
Still has a bearing on it.
You can blame to obstinacy of them for that.
We had better not enter this issue.
Line their pockets, dispense justice.
To weather out the storm in a shelter.
I couldn’t care less.
For all intents and purposes, covering all possibilities and circumstances.
I haven’t expressed myself properly, or you got me wrong.

A mix of reasons.
I want to go, except that I'm tired, all things considered.
For someone difficult to grasp.
Haven’t seen them to move a needle.
We pay concerns to it.
The last but one paragraph on the page.
The wee thing, tiny, little.
I’ve perused the draft, spare time and go quickly through it.
In front of you, what you are faced with.
It’s been long held that this is true.
Hanging on too long.
His will was not to be questioned, appointed to enact God's will.
This ushered in a period of troubles.
That’s only half the answer.

Reach bonanza, bliss, perfect happiness.
Raise toasts and pop champagne.
Curate posts, select, organise, and present content together.
They prance around as touch guys.
Abetting others, inciting to do something wrong, instigate.
Often pushed aside.
Cheap in killing.
Be hasty with conclusions, speedy clarifications.
Another one in a series.
Look at it as a matter of urgency.
Many question marks, feeding speculations.
A long-deferred revenge on them.
I’ll make it just in time.
Due process is a requirement that legal matters be resolved according to established rules and principles, and that individuals be treated fairly.

As money began to dry up.
They have to fend for themselves, manage by oneself.
Fend for oneself, look after or take care of oneself without assistance from anyone else.
How to do it without breaking into a sweat.
Without getting into undue mathematical detail.
So I hedge my bet that a supernatural origin is the most unlikely.
Undercover officer posing as the hitman.
It can be dodgy, dishonest or unreliable.
Jokes aside, but look at it.
In their desperation.

He was about to kill himself laughing.
If you blunder into a dangerous or difficult situation, you get involved in it by mistake.
He blundered in doing so.
Ebbed away, receded, flow away.
Within a grasp, near to being obtainable or achievable.
Victory seemed in the bag.
The takeaway from these discoveries should be that.
To rear children, bring up and care for (a child) until they are fully grown, especially in a particular manner or place.
Shore up, shore him up, give someone or something robust support in the face of difficulty or to prevent potential failure, prop up.
A costly war of attrition, reducing or destroying strength through sustained attack or pressure, confidence of an enemy by repeatedly attacking it.
The opportunity will be long gone.
Nepotism-centric and culture of enduring impunity.

The state-of-play, the current situation.
Until fairly recently, then as now.
Was unsuited to deal with the severe financial problems.
Although outwardly accepting it, he inertly resisted.
But it was all in vain, useless, futile.
He moved to a rejection of all charges.
Public examination of his conduct.
Survived against all odds.
Very crudely.
Once you’re tied down with it, you can hardly do anything, to constrain, restrict, impede, or limit one's ability to do something or go somewhere.
We were wrongfooted, caught off-guard.
Steadfast, resolutely or dutifully firm and unwavering.
The enemy was kept busy.
The initiative slipped from our grasp. 

It sets a bar this high.
It bears little resemblance.
For masters and slaves alike.
He put forward the idea.
Rote learning, learnt by rote.
What if we all wrote gibberish?
The same goes for the rest of you.
The whimsical arbitrariness of autocracy.
The question ultimately rests on how one wishes to define it.
His explanation stretches credulity, is hard to believe.
It went uneventful, not marked by interesting or exciting events.
Report the thought crime, controversial thinking, considered as a criminal offence or as socially unacceptable.
It was a novelty at that time.
Pay a stiff toll.

Difficult skill to master.
Reap the results.
Don't get angry.
Off you go.
Stranger than we suspect.
He is downright stupid and easily duped.
On that note.
There's no denying that he knows it, it's clearly true.
Which do you like better.
Finally killed off any last nostalgic afterglow of the Republic.
The police have hemmed in the burglars so that they can't escape from this area.
Marshland, marsh, swamp, bog.
The shouting was to no avail, nobody could hear it, with no effect.
Take in pretty good shape and made a complete U-turn.
On the verge of starvation.

From then on we are no longer bound by logic or knowledge.
However, it’ll be a stretch to say that it is obviously false.
Explanatory loopholes that are not sufficiently grounded.
Fusspot, the one who's worrying.
Just give it a thought.
Your theory went to rest, and pretty quickly.
Markers along the way.
On its face, apparently.
A little injection of healthy scepticism.
Slightly deflate everyone’s hopes.
In the absence of conclusive evidence.
Distortion beyond all recognition.
Roads crisscrossing the country.
You are observant, quick to notice things.
Corruption ate away the old myth of an ascetic people.
Inrush of water, sudden arrival or entry of something.

He did it purposely, intentionally, on purpose, purposefully.
Conceivably, admittedly, what one can imagine.
Seek to estrange your readers, alienate, disaffect, put at a distance.
They all likely qualify as candidates.
Go ahead and give it a spin.
Prying eyes.
We were faced with a conundrum.
Copious amounts of nudity in text.
I could bore you with thorough descriptions.
His theory ended up doing exactly what it set out to do.
I was setting out to explain.
Stable on very long timescales.
Assuming that these numbers are dreamt up, from the ceiling, invented.
Vacuous statement, blank, empty, hollow, showing lack of thought or intelligence; mindless.

Summarily convicted, without the customary formalities, hastily, at once.
The government was estopped, estoppel, preclude a person from asserting something contrary to what is implied by a previous action or statement.
Must have regard to the phenomenon, be aware of.
It does not include the right to libel individuals.
Shout at the top of my lungs.
Aloof, not friendly or forthcoming; cool and distant.
We should rather have accepted a certain amount of unpleasant incidents.
How did he limp along for another 10 years.
Just go there as an electron without any drama en route.
It is not as clear as someone makes it look.

All things considered.
Give it a read.
Give particular regard to all the relevant factors.
It costed him dearly.
The brazenness of the bank theft, and the perception that those behind it have not been held to account, has outraged, and disillusioned, many Moldovans.
Undisputed centre of power, unchecked power, unlimited.
Close enough to interact somewhat.
It propagates at constant speed.
But none of them can be viewed as a generalization of it.
Welcome or bring someone into the fold, welcome them into a group of friendly insiders.

He grew depressed, concerned for, worried for, anxious.
Most notably, it was not for a lack of trying.
He stepped forwards as though he wished to make an announcement.
It earned him the hostility of the others.
To what degree it would altered the fortune of the campaign can only be surmised.
Stern disciplinarian, relentless, strict, adamant, implacable.
Until his early twenties, he showed little sign of distinction.
He couldn’t bear to lie awake in bed.
His stern countenance and iron-handed discipline were renowned, facial expression.
Grow out of something, origin from, grow out of panties.
He was lampooned, publicly criticised, by using ridicule, irony, or sarcasm.

Will not necessarily presage a change, be an omen of, a prophesy of, foretell.
From time immemorial.
But otherwise unpleasant, whatever the cost.
Often went into fits of rage when events didn’t go his way.
On trumped up charges.
When the time should be ripe, and utterly forgotten.
Still fresh in my mind.
Warped image, significantly distorted.
This is not about vilifying one particular human being.

Was nothing unusual for the time.
Get past it, get over it.
The situation is much murkier, darker, doubtful.
The kernel of truth.
Hybrid culture.
Some degree of historicity is likely, for reasons laid out in this answer.
Ask ceremonial questions.
Making headway, progress, moving forward.
Enmeshed in a giant web, embroiled, entangled.
Give matter proper or exclusive attention.
For reasons given above.
To rummage through the drawers, search unsystematically, ransack.
I’ll give it a try tomorrow.
Observation trumps any theory.
His handling of the battle is a masterpiece.

It is capped at five, restricted to, set a limit on.
It is now past the tipping point.
They don’t share the language, nor customs.
They brought their share of confusion into this.
Rather customary among the elders.

They assign a low priority, if any.
Left adrift without a paddle.
To answer that, one needs to establish this first.
No one has the vaguest concept of what this word means.
Not necessarily illegal as it is heavily regulated.
Cornucopia, horn of plenty, symbol of abundance and nourishment.
The overall system throughput.
Is here to fix your worries.
Nothing is stuck in stone.
My bet: it was significantly exaggerated for political purpose.

They tried to gloss over the problem, cover up, play down, minimise, obscure or conceal.
Salacious details, indecent, obscene, pornographic, vulgar, lewd.
It really is the other way around.
Examples abound.
Most of the time people mean well.
I try not to curse.
It has nothing whatsoever to do with that.
Seeking to intimidate and demoralize the opponent by marshalling superior military strength.
Such a course would be tantamount to political suicide, equivalent in seriousness.
To show it outwardly, on the surface.
Not a single classic work of literature that doesn’t contain something gratuitously offensive to modern sensibilities.
The Taming of the Shrew, Shakespeare.

It suddenly dawned on me who I was talking to, realised, became evident.
We have inched forward in the area.
Left as-is.
“lectio brevior praeferenda”: "the shorter reading is preferred."
He and his hastily gathered army.
Both figures are wildly inaccurate guesstimates.
Much also depends on when you are talking about.
Since they replicated this conduct, comportment, demeanour.
Your demeanour is defined as being either your facial appearance or your behaviour. When playing poker, don't let your demeanour give away how good your cards are.
Deportment has to do with how you behave and present yourself. Being polite, well-dressed, and soft-spoken shows excellent deportment.

A full-blown crisis, fully developed, displaying all the characteristic features.
Clap eyes on something, I clapped my eyes on his, looked at him.
I have so many things on the go, busy, in the process.
Safe and sound, alive or unharmed after being in danger, safe from danger and free from injury or harm.
Come now, be reasonable.
I’ll pass the information to them, pass it along to them, relay, transmit, relay the messages from ones to others.
Pleasure to have you here and to get knowing you.
It is wrong if its predictions are falsified by the observations.
Let me give my “layman’s terms” take on this.
If we were to assume it were true.
How did he salvage his reputation.
What planet do you come from?
Before you spout preposterous counter-factual questions of this type - you have just read this crap that was recently published.

Consolidated his tight grip over the institutions.
Tighten the grip on something.
Expound the facts, set forth or lay down, expose our views.
Most readily observed. Not in our lifetime.
Lost for words, shocked that don’t know what to say.
We get bonded, befriended.
I don’t see it happening.
Acculturation, transfer of values and customs from one group to another - people get acculturated.
While you sit idly by.
Things don’t add up.
Here is my take.
This confusion seems to stem from that.

It is unlikely that it’s going to happen anytime soon.
They styled themselves after him.
Given the problem at hand.
Be in tatters, in ruined conditions, in shreds, in pieces.
Keep a close eye on this, monitor closely.
Early this year, in early June, in late September, late this week.
Gauge the strengths and weaknesses.
You’ll have to contain yourselves with it.
All across the country, all over, throughout.
Have a quick look at it.
These names popped into my mind at random.
It improves conclusions as new data are obtained.
A way to remedy the situation.

The menace passed away, but the shock lingered.
Delve inside myself, to carry on intensive and thorough research for data, information, or the like; investigate, inquiry, dig into, dive into, study thoroughly, delve into.
A peacock.
They cut me loose without explanations, cut loose, free or release of constraints, behave in an uncontrolled, wild way.
It wormed its way to that.
It’s self-evidently, self-explanatory.
I was assigned the task.
It’s worn out, can no longer be used.
To tarnish my reputation, discolour, blacken, taint it.
The other way around, the opposite way.

He leads a reclusive lifestyle.
Have a word with you, chat briefly.
How they behave in the wild.

They tout vegetables, attempt to sell in a pestering manner, recommend, peddle.
They flaunt their wealth, brag, show off, display ostentatiously, parade, to impress or attract notice.
All along, all the time.
They overhear us, eavesdrop, bug.
We have fudged this dangerous issue, present in a vague or inadequate way, especially so as to conceal the truth or mislead.

Out of contact with reality.
Zeus, Isis, Thor and the thousands of other dead gods that lie buried in the mass grave we call 'mythology', Sam Harris.
Undivided power inevitably begets undivided tyranny.
Unfettered power, unrestrained, unlimited.
A summary dismissal, without formalities, immediate.
Mindful moment, momentous, sensible.
Take precautions, look after yourselves.
I regret not doing better.
Fling, hurl forcefully, toss.

I ran into an issue and need help.
It sowed panic.
H’s a blot, a stain of shame, disgrace.
No sweat, no rush.
Reach out, broaden social circle.
Faux pas, embarrassing blunder or breach of proper etiquette.
Suppress the bias so you can look at the evidence.
Are you done lecturing us.
Say it flat-out, extremely clear, bluntly, straight out.
A gross oversimplification.

It is conducive to a good outcome, helpful, instrumental to, opportune to, favourable for.
Pidgin language, a simplified language that has developed from a mixture of two languages.
Feel smug, complacent, self-satisfied, pleased with oneself.
It evanesced in a minute, dissipate like vapour, dematerialise.
Started the competition as an underdog, with little chance.
Our repeated failure to reprove and adequately rebuke outrages calls into serious question your behaviour.
Dissension, disagreement that leads to discord among those expected to cooperate.
Appraising reality in terms of natural forces such as heredity or environment.
Washed-out, bleached, decolourised.

For that, the honour goes to him, he claims the fame of.
I am not at ease, feel at ease with such a therapist.
He kept herself aloof from the business, distant and uninvolved.
Message delivered.
It went off without a hitch, went without problems.
It is hard to overestimate the significance.
It is befuddling, make unable to think clearly.
Errant, straying from the proper course or standards.
It came into the limelight only recently
The takeaway from this meeting.
Wholeheartedly uphold this philosophy. 

Conditional: If you had told me, I would have left earlier. If I were to be sick, I would miss another day of work. Had I known you were waiting outside, I would have invited you to come in.
Should she arrive, ask her to wait. Should you have asked, I would have done my best to meet your requirements.

We’d like to bring it to your attention.
Outspoken, frank in stating one's opinions, especially if they are critical or controversial.
Time will tell, won't it.
It lies out there.
Peer through the dust, look closely, try to see.
Not enough, though it does contribute.
That springs to mind, comes quickly into mind.
Push, shove down our throat, compel or force.
Make your teeth chatter uncontrollably.

Even if this were true.
There won't be for long.
Scientists stunned the world with the finding.
How they spread remains murky.
The public have been led to believe that.
Mutation rate - one in 30 million nucleotides each generation - that we had expected, 70 per child.
The bird plumes itself, preens itself, cleans its feathers with its beak.
Who spout crap and such guff, hogwash.
Let’s go with the flow.
In no particular order, these are.
Early May, it is to say. To return your call.

Level a charge against somebody, accuse him of something.
No sweat, not problem.
Sweat over it, work hard.
I can barely understand this.
It makes it look tame, pale.
A wild goose never laid a tame egg.
The reality doesn't owe us comfort.
Have gone to some lengths to answer this question.
Go to great lengths to, try hard to achieve something.
He taunted us, jeer at us, mock us.
By way of an answer, allow me to first present
There is little if any detrimental effect
And, most notably, basically indistinguishable by eye.

Manna from heaven.
Was grounded because of illness, grounded for a week, unable or punished.
Think that far ahead, and make plans for the future.
This is how the things lined up.
I hope this will prove helpful.
The controversy has now died down.
If memory serves, don't misremember.

As a historical sidenote.
Financial problems beset us, harass from all sides.
Drop the sarcasm as a defence, cut out the sarcasm.
Sufficient to raise inquiry.
As a veiled critique, grossly misleading.
He pesters us, annoy.
Completely out of place.
Be at peace with the it, reconciled with fate, appeased.
He baulked at the thought of it and couldn’t bring himself to do it, balk, hesitate.
Salvage your reputation.

What she said amounted to an apology.
Assert yourself, strike back.
Conducive to something, favourable to it, making it more possible.
Catch wind of what they're doing, get wind of, begin to suspect, learn from indirect ways.
Downtrodden masses, oppressed.
As a quick bit of background.
Stretch the resources to its limits.
He would do well to remember.
Eyes swelled up with tears.
He thirsts for knowledge, thirst after something.

Captain on the bridge, speaking of the devil.
Heart can't handle the news.
Is not endowed with any structure.
In common parlance...
Flashlight comes in handy when I search something.
Due in large part to him.
It still boggles my mind.
The most important piece of wisdom I can impart to you
is don’t try to do it yourself.
Hard as it is to believe.
I’m oversimplifying, of course.
While there is often a blurry line between.
If it meets your needs.
Sensing their predicament.

Swimming underwater, blindfolded, and with his hands tied behind his back.
Constantly bumping into the edge of my knowledge.
How feeble the understanding is.
Unhinged extremist, mentally unbalanced or deranged.
Don't ask why until you ask if.
Token move, done for the sake of appearances or as a symbolic gesture.
A token of authority.
Putting together  the  scattered evidence.

Disillusioned, did not prove as expected, as I suspected.
A defector (deserter) with no backers, no brakes.
Cut his teeth on films, on sterner stuff.
There is unbacked suggestion that.
Quickly forgotten by history.
Intuition leads us astray.
I loved it until a poorly-taught class nearly destroyed that passion.
Every child — save a rare few — can succeed at it.
Pry answer out of him, extract info.

It stoked fears over them.
Did not give the slightest inkling of the fact that.
Prepared in haste, expedite the process.
These issues were not dealt with in the treaty.
Emotions boil over, out of control, especially after a period of escalation.
Everything of it reeks of being fake.
To appear smart and knowledgeable.
Bounce around from point to point.
He is out of touch.

Mind you, it’s fairly complicated, is it plain enough for you?
He couldn't close his eyes, much less relax, and especially not, and even less so.
The animals also would be eternal, and much more the human race.
We don't like it, still less enjoy it.
Mind you, pay attention to a particular piece of information.
This is not to take anything away from his accomplishments, mind you.
Rub salt into the wound, make it even worse.
We can't stand by while millions of people starve.
Slowly and surely.

He is spouting the same gibberish.
Barbarian with a crude command of Latin.
That’s where it gets messy.
The shit hit the fan.
Drive a wedge between two groups, force a wedge.
Travesty of justice, parody, spoof, caricature, miscarriage of justice.
Ask pointed questions, sharpen questions.
Piss on my back and say it's raining outside.
A soap opera.
So no issue of that nature could arise.

We listened while you rambled, raved, stray, at length and confusing, ramble on about something.
Conversation degenerated into a wrangle over the merits.
Tragedies largely self-inflicted, contrary to popular belief.
You're out of luck.
Snuff out, make end quickly, by force, or a flame stop burning, extinguish.
The discussion devolved into a shouting match.
Rolling his eyes hither and thither.
Exempt from draft, draftees.
Killing is a craft, skill in making things by hand.
They were faring no better.
Were resolved to die rather than surrender.
Anything edible, fit to be eaten.
Proficiency, competence, skill, expertise.

Fawning sycophant, whatever the truth.
Dripping poison on his ear, day of reckoning.
Tried to pin the theft on him, to blame or try to frame one for a crime, transgression, or wrongdoing of which they are innocent.
Twist in a story.
Get hold of the body.
Public outcry, protest, deprecation.
Bickering about Marx to the podcasts and airport bookshelf, argue about petty and trivial matters, wrangle with.
Fascinating question, but probably not for the reason you think.
The apex predator, top, vertex, peak, summit.
Apart from the foregoing, he infuriated us to no end, enraged, inflamed.

He’s in his element, in the driving seat.
Fixated on the idea, ulterior motives.
Waiting for him to slip up.
Clampdown on violence, and set a precedent, suppression.
Redeem himself in our eyes.
What marks him out is his ability, stand out, mark out.
But he’s overruled, countermanded, rejected, annulled.
Jostling entourage, elbow someone.
Cooked up bogus stories.
Became hooked on the drugs.
My resolve hardened, firm determination to do something.
Was vilified in the press, reviled, disparaged, denigrated.
People try to force it into a model.
Delivered to the wrong place, what a cock-up.
Their whimsy, playfully quaint behaviour.
Chest full of medals.

Sudden outburst of candour, sincerity, with disarming candour.
This is what we live of.
What is his stance on this.
Be most sought after, be in demand by many people.
Content is so specific that no other words will do.
Destined to fail.
Make waves in the popular press at the time.
A great deal of evidence.
I was promised to receive all I need.
Be true to him, true to the cause, devoted, loyal, faithful.
As they bonded closer.
Busy attending to customers.
Exploit to the fullest.
Misunderstanding is present behind this question.

He wants to supplant you, supersede and replace.
Take hold of yourself.
Information came to light.
Feeding on the resentment, prey on blunders, take advantage of.
Save the best for last.
Terror breeds more terror.
It left us in dire straits, found itself in dire straits, in a grim situation.
Although give him his due, he did apologize afterwards.
On a side note, this becomes especially relevant when.
Get the due it deserves for its impact on the world.
Divisive, causing disagreement or hostility between people.
The tail wags the dog.

Give in to pressure, give up trying.
every object under consideration, at issue, at hand.

Before you sass your parents, being rude to them, impertinent, wrangle, cheek.
Don't cheek me, don't be impudent towards someone.
I said nothing of the kind.
Machination, crafted scheme to achieve a sinister goal.
Tardiness, quality of not being on time.
To comfort one another.
It invites questions, begs the question.
It hardly befits me to discuss such matters.
She attempts to placate him, make him less angry or hostile.
Speak out of his turn.
This duty falls to me.
Let me worry about that.
They sow doubts.
Passed into a faint, from which he was brought back to consciousness.

I hold it dear, valuable at the personal level.
I told a fib about that.
They cooked up a scheme, grossly misleading.
They just don't lend themselves to domestication.
Answer this honestly and without embellishment.
To put it plainly, I got lost as to your point.
Be complacent about it.
is just barely hanging on and is probably on its way out.
People have a difficult time grasping.
This style of investigation constitutes entrapment, tricking someone into committing a crime.
He duped his opponent and has not upheld his part of the bargain.
Cocky, conceited or arrogant, especially in a bold or impudent way narcissistic, self-centred, impudent.

Forget to tick the checkbox.
Dismiss the claim in full.
Legal fiction, fact assumed or created by courts in order to help reach a decision or to apply a legal rule.
Case-law, precedent, misconduct, safeguard, protection.
Hand over the documents to the defendants.
Set forth the right, enshrine.
Tenuous and blanket accusations, indiscriminate charges.
Forgo commenting on that.
The judges were assigned the cases.
Evidence that incriminates him, brings charges against him.

You have fallen prey to a myth, misconception.
If you looked hard enough, you might even find that.
Some seek approval among non-experts, by spamming public forums or social media.
Something that has some bearing on the issue, have relevance to something.
It has no bearing on that, no attribution, doesn’t have any bearing on it.
Attest to the fact, confirm, support, provide or serve as clear evidence of, testify, bear witness to that.
For reasons too apparent to be alluded to.
We submit that, present for consideration and judgment.
We hold that, consider, find.

I am at a loss to know what to wear, I was at a loss for what to do next.
Attend to the matters of, focus, care.
Showing his feathers.
The one who instils trust.
Prove yourself, don’t fail him or doubt him.
Doesn’t go unnoticed.
I exaggerate a little of course, but you see my point.
As I spoke, a strange thing came over me.
They are like minded educated professionals.
Must be treated as such.

Let me take this loaded question apart, one part at a time.
Assertions disguised as a question, 
A dupe, victim of deception, he was duped into, tricked.
Wait before award the theory a Nobel prize.
Theory, whatever its merits in other respects may be.
A motley group, varicoloured.
Engaged in flights of fancy, idea showing a lot of imagination and is not practical, figment of someone’s imagination.
He did not heed this warning.
Keep the plot under wraps, well concealed.
Draw from memory, derive, use as reference.
It also was bogus.
I will publicly recant my support, retract, deny.
You are welcome to write one of your own.
It would be an unmitigated disaster.

We are faced with a conundrum.
Do you mind my asking.
They top the list.
I was out of touch.
Before getting to that, what makes it so difficult.
Opinions that are considered divisive or controversial.
Be mealy-mouthed with something you want to avoid discussion as unpleasant.
We do not need mealy-mouthed euphemisms, mild words for too harsh words.
The fabled lost city.
Dropping off in intensity at greater distances.
He’s lagging behind, he is a laggard, slower than expected.
It offered next to nothing compared with the previous.
He didn’t get much chance to say anything about it.
They should not be left without response.
