Shady data, doubtful, questionable or uncertain.
Pull off the task, complete it, overcoming the hardship, bring about.
Intractable problems, hard to control or deal with.
Dysgenics, accumulation of defective genes/traits in offspring of species.
In lay terms, in layman's terms, in terms a non specialist can understand.
The only factor to keep the hackers at bay, keep at bay.
Standard disclaimer: I have a tendency to exaggerate.
Our last resort.
To be airing an opinion, expose it publicly.
A defiant holdout, a refusal to accept.
Take a step backwards.


Slowly gaining more traction.
It was a buggy mess.
To usurp its market share, usurp your attention.
Grifting, obtain by swindle, by fraud, engage in petty or small-scale swindling.
Grift, make money dishonestly and illegally.
Strides have been made towards or across.
Pick the point up, return the question. It’ll do.
It all comes down to this.
Data-crunching applications, process large amounts of information or operations of great complexity.


Your favourite pastime.
It's possible I've overlooked something.
Opportunity to squeeze some concessions.
Peek over your massaged ego, look quickly, glimpse.
Don’t try to redeem the unredeemable.
Against the odds, all odds, despite being very likely to fail.
To borrow your expression.
Blood lust, uncontrollable desire to kill or maim (wound) others.
At the very least, they can protect themselves.
So broadly defined that it is close to meaningless.
Out of hand, out of control.


We couldn't snap out of it, get over, quit the depressing state.
A test devised to determine the recidivism rate and criminal versatility.
Mentally sane or insane.
Give me the nuts and bolts, the basics, practical details.


Unhampered liberty to do just as you please.
What your desires happen to be.
None of moral or legal incumbrance, burden or impediment.
Wherewithal, necessary means, resources, ability.
You ensconce yourself in a niche.
Socially ensconced, establish or settle in a comfortable and safe place.
Have a proclivity for violence, inclination, predisposition, propensity.
To slip up, to blunder, to make a mistake, a cock-up.
Fail to grasp the difference between good and bad.
Without the slightest blip of guilt or remorse.
Pangs of conscience, of guilt.
Remain effectively oblivious.
Story told by an omniscient narrator.
Set off for the office.
Consigned to the edges of society.
Rich repertoire of behaviours.
Gaslight, manipulate by psychological means into questioning their own sanity.


An expedient, a means of attaining an end, improper or immoral.
He is plain wrong.
Let’s lift the lid on the past.
Everyone burst into laughter, tears, song.
They broke into the country, busted into it.
Risks attached to it.
Exposed to public gaze.
If you are not interested in reading through, go directly to.
Decided on philosophical grounds.


I might have said this before.
Before we hurl ourselves into the fray.
My question stems from what you just said.
To figure the path forward.
Let’s be clear on this point.
The war curtailed freedoms.
Every aspect was placed under scrutiny, critical examination.
Another sobering indicator.
We’re taking it really seriously.
The cost of inaction is growing.
He was sacked, dismissed, discharged, retired, resigned.
Be dying to crawl into bed and sack out.
I was there - hell I’m old.
You can do it however you like.
Be allowed to continue his journey unhindered.
He could hardly contain himself.
It is a minefield.


It is rarely, if ever, used.
Myopia and short sightedness, on a slippery slope.
To spin facts, don’t spin me a tale (yarn) about it, bend the truth.
Rather than twist the facts to fit the rumour, gossip.
A context-driven meaning.
The arousal of the old system, the awakening of it.
He covered the salient points, most important and noticeable.
Imagination is unfettered of logic, devoid of, unrestrained.
A wayfaring stranger, wandering, errant.
It appears to parallel the anomalies, happen at the same time.
Paucity (scarcity) of information.
The whole gamut of outrages, delineated by the rapporteur.
It is tenuously maintained through the use of primitive defenses.
A valueless person in deep dysphoria, state of dissatisfaction with life.


Dwindling population.
Misread people, instructions.
It shouldn’t have done. Least of all by the officials.
No one is worried, least of all me.
The unsung heroes of the resistance.
The technique you’re most identified with.
With the slant to enter the market.
I won't be considered presumptuous if I offer some advice, failing to observe decent or permitted limits, impertinently and unwarrantedly bold.
Unwarranted, unjustified, gratuitous (lacking good reasons) or unexcusable.
Gratuitously insulted.
Long-winded answer, verbose, continuing at length (in details) and in a tedious way.


As well you know.
To set about doing that, begin doing, undertake a task, errand, assignment.
As befits a prince, the genre, is appropriate for, as suits.
A dizzy multitude of variations.
The rampage of justice. They rampaged in the country. Go on rampage.
All of them aim to give the same result.
Mind your environment.
Keep an eye on it.
My inflection point, the turning point or change, decisive moment, tipping point.
Tentative agreements, not definite or certain, made as a first step.
Despite well-intentioned efforts.
Peacenik, a member of a pacifist movement.
If we wobble, the continent quakes.


Of a scientific bent of mind.
He avowed that, acknowledge, stated or confess publicly.
Apocryphal story, of doubtful authenticity, made-up, spurious.
To dismantle the theory, the framed-up case.
For thirteen days in a row.
Take stock of the situation, think carefully about what to do.
Demand that he comply with the rules.
He did it single-handedly, unipersonally.
Take my advice for what it’s worth.
In the loosest possible sense.
They adamantly claim that, refusing to be persuaded or change their mind.


Vague questions will earn you rude answers.
Don’t jaywalk, cross the street unlawfully.
Wrap it up, get to the point.
Let me frame the question another way.
The way you phrase the question.
No need to reinvent the wheel.
Cut the cord with somebody, terminate the relationship.
I will try to steer you in the right direction.
Humiliate, demean, lose dignity and respect, debase.
I am so itchy to answer this question.
Black swan, an unpredictable or unforeseen event, with extreme consequences.


I don’t want to pry into your personal affairs, be inquisitive about.
Rock the boat, shake the tree, endanger the stable situation, imperil.
He will curse her name for eternity.
Time changes, so do people.
The reasoning for that will soon become apparent.
Urging him to abandon the obstinacy, stubbornness, intransigency.
Make a notable reform of his life.
The subjects of concerns you refuse to budge.
For a prisoner, enough to produce a retraction, withdrawal of a statement.
To round them up, organise in a group.
I was pretty damned punctual.


Building razed to the ground.
Scarcely able to contain himself, retain.
To promise and deliver, not just making pledges.
I grant you that. I’ll grant you that he did it (admit it’s true).
To bask in the glow of the sun.
The dictatorship revived.
Under the aegis of the president.
By the time he took office.
Protests started gaining steam.
Not at issue in this case, under dispute, under discussion, in the focal point.
The highest echelons.
The ripples will be felt in one year.


The rates spiked from X to Y, skyrocket.
To repurpose the old device.
I don’t want someone to get the wrong impression.
Lightning rod, conductor, surge suppressor, lightning arrester against the lightning bolt, strike.
Asking for the status change with polling interval of one month.
The groundwork for the dossier was laid out, preliminary or basic work.
It has tapered off, narrowed down to, thin out, reduce, shrink.
A mockup, model, scaffold or replica of a machine for instructional or experimental purposes.


Always praise them before you hit them.
When I hear the word culture, I reach for my gun.
Have a huge imprint on it.
To draw up the contract, compose and prepare, drawing up of charges.
Without further much ado, fuss, trouble.
Let’s scaffold our project.
Rogue technique, rogue state, breaks international law and poses threats.
The river thawed, melt, unfreeze, the relationship thawed.
We expunge that period of our history, erase, wipe out, strike out.
Error-filled tweets betraying a shaky command of the English language.


We exchanged pleasantries.
A combination of all the above.
Something of the sort.
Everyone who gets in your way, everything that catches his eye.


For the reasons I’ve already given.
The onslaught of the authorities, fierce attack.
Everything that could go wrong has gone wrong.
Whether you find it unethical is beside the point, beyond the scope of this.
An agreement could be struck in coming days.
You mistook me if you think I’m being fun.
Do not respond in kind, by doing the same thing.
Is blowing in the wind, is still under consideration.
To shoot down the proposals, prevent from being accepted.


Little did we realise that. Only later did we realise that.
To the extent of my knowledge.
A fully-fledged criminal on his own, completely developed.
Explanation doesn't square with the story, doesn’t agree with.
We are square with you, settled the dispute.
Peddling stories or information, spreading it, telling others, airing.
A major overhaul of culture and practices, improve, revamp, repair.
On your own volition, on being questioned.


My jaw dropped when I heard it.
Hands are tied.
Start gossiping about it, spread rumours.
Politically expedient, suitable for accomplishing a purpose on self-interest, adequate, indicated.
Be squired around the city by a reporter, accompanied.
Split the workload and reduce the backlog, arrears.


Add up a layer on top of it.
Media headlines are overflowing with accusations.
Hurling invectives at, throwing, flinging.
Draw someone into a fight, draw in the case, engage, pull in.
Deficit offset by capital inflows, compensated.
This is what we feared all along.
Dystopia, state or society in great suffering or injustice, totalitarian, post-apocalyptic.
Play someone like a fiddle, manipulate skillfully, gaslight someone.
The task calls for someone with fortitude, requires.
It inches towards or forward, slowly move.


In concert with his accomplice.
Masking the fact that.
He set out for an activity, an aim.
He handed them crucial evidence.
Briefcase stuffed with documents.
Handcuffed, waving a pair of handcuffs under the prisoner's nose.
He was cuffed.
The guy would buckle within a week, succumb to the pressure, broken.
I volunteer to take on it.
Unburden yourself to someone who will listen, pour yourself out.
We wade through mud, morass, scramble through a swamp.
To comfort him through this difficult time.


Witting and unwitting complicity, in full awareness, deliberately.
Offering a lengthy and roundabout response, rambling, vague and diffuse, sloppy and blurred, nebulous and hazy.
A fox in the chicken coop.
This plan won the day, win the contest of arguments, was successful.
Cast aside the forebodings of all these people, apprehension, premonition.


No suspicion would be aroused if, to arouse their hopes, awaken suspicions.
A deadline for settling debts.
In the ensuing years.
The lower classes, with whom he was popular.
Excruciatingly painful but not fatal, agonising.
Opposites attract, likes associate with likes.
Keep tight grip on the country.
Exceeds the limits of diplomatic courtesy.


It all comes down to a simple thing.
We’ll be relying on you.
We haven’t got that far yet.
We were tipped off about, valuable secret which gives advantage.
He is a cypher, nobody.
Before you seclude yourselves in the bar.
Put on hold the further expansion.
Joint and several liability, found liable for damages.
I read cover-to-cover.
Influence peddling, traffic of influence or trading in influence.
To peddle (retail) art materials around the country.


Time and again, on multiple occasions, repeatedly.
Now breathe a sigh of relief.
Let’s not quibble (wrangle) about words.
Have no gripe, no complaint, no beef. To beef about.
Should consult a financial advisor.
Proxy war, abetted (instigated, pit) but without involvement.
Foment, incite, instigate, 
That embarrassing moment when he’s more sycophantic than ever.
He requests an appeal to buy time.
The case falls through the cracks, go unnoticed or undealt with.
The police tried and failed to cover up.
This is not a blind stroke of fate.
These cases seem to be adding up.
He’s not up to the task, not rising to the mantle of the office.


To nod approvingly.
Before we move on.
Get used to it.
What are the odds? Chances.
Mentioning, as a side note, that. On a side note, in point of fact, point in fact.
Ambassador at the time.
For the ostensible purpose of speaking, the concealed actual purpose.
Wasn’t able to communicate ever since.
The central oddity of the case is that.
Allow him the latitude to use it.
Sealed indictment is an indictment kept secret from the public.


He never utters the names of his enemies.
Lose one’s cool, temper.
Having a few choice words/phrases for him.
It caused a stir over there.
I misspoke, expressed myself insufficiently clearly or accurately.
To opt out of the group, opt in of, choose to participate in.
Go and grab it.
We care nothing for the appearance.
The onetime adviser under contentious accusations.


He nixed the deal, called off, cancelled.
It bodes bad days, be an omen of, predict, herald.
Alien concept.
Working hypothesis.
To trigger the article.
Our postures dovetail with yours, harmonise.
To nudge (slightly push) to draw attention.
Discussed at length, in great details.
It has a political tinge.
I’d throw in my two cents.
Then about the second subject.
I concur with him, I’m of the same opinion, agree.


Pristine planet, in its original condition, unspoiled.
Hallmark, the distinct trait.
No shortage of questions.
On account of being so, because of it.
They turn it to account, gain or profit of it.
The counter to this argument is that.
They signalled the threat.
A challenge, to say the least.
Discretionary whim of bureaucrats, decided by officials and not fixed by rules.
Attention-seeking narcissist.
To hand over to a new director, pass responsibility.


Panel, chairman, lay judges.
Down to the last detail.
Discretionary, optional, at the discretion, voluntarily.
Incomprehensible and uncontrolled babble, chitchat without meaning.
They lurk in the darkness, in ambush, rustle in the bush.
Crisis led to the downfall of the government.
Crack down on justice, address or control more strictly.
Offbeat, eccentric, unconventional argument.
The disaster is creeping up, approaching stealthily.
We got off the track, off the rails, irrelevant, completely out of the track, extraneous.
Blowback, unintended adverse results of a political action, backfire.


He was grumbling that, complain.
They gripe about the busywork.
Was arraigned (brought before the court) on murder charges.
Promise is broken.
Language attuned to their needs.
Groundswell of support or dissatisfaction, swell, bulge.
Sycophant, flatterer, bootlicker.
Dumbstruck, shocked and unable to speak.
Draw to a close, come to an end.
Many sympathise with this point of view.


I repent the choice, regret or remorse about a sin.
I am only scratching the surface.
A much less frequent occurrence.
The plan had crumbled long before the event.
Over a coffee I discussed it.
In charge of/for, in control of the process.
On its own merits, taken on its own.
He reveals dismay over the state of relations.
Swarm of insects, large and dense group, wolfpack.
To weaponize lies on a daily basis as its foreign policy.


Throw matches into a powder keg.
Wash your hands of it.
To fawn over the guests, excessively flatter or attend to them.
Missing the starting gun.
I envisage it being concise, picture, imagine.
No rush, be not in a hurry, not a matter of urgency.
To break for refreshments in order to temporise.
He tends to lavishly overpraise us.
Squandering EU funding or aids, wasting in reckless manner.


He has deputed to look after it, devolve power to the others.
Pay a steep price.
Look at/on the bright side.
He busied himself with such tasks.
For weighty reasons, and rightly so.
Seemed paralysed with indecision.


He quibbled with the language, argued about trivial matters, sophism.
A more lenient sentence, mild, indulgent, permissive, forgiving, gracious.


Let’s first set the stage.
Take at face value.
The term stems from it.
Return it unstained, and unaltered.
He who championed human rights, supported and defended.
Quarrelsome, cranky, grumpy, wimpy.
In a dimly lit room.
A tad thick-skinned.
They resent instructions, touchy, irritable, irascible, quick-tempered.
Save face, save esprit de corps.
Suffice it to say that.

Hold the elected leaders accountable to their constituents.
On this occasion, we.
Indolent, lazy, reckless, oblivious, slothful, feckless.
Rife with falsehoods.
Exhilaration of victory, euphoria, feeling of excitement.
Disparage the opposition, discredit the competitor.
Tiptoe, tiptoeing quietly to the exit.
They collude with criminals (connive, conspire, cabal, intrigue), in secret understandings.
Expertly, like an expert.

The facts are warped, twisted and distorted.
Vying for, fight for, compete for, jousting with, bat for, jostling one another.
Get a stunning, staggering outcome.
Get away from the country, escape, flee.
Get plenty, plethora, overabundance of alerting signals.
Problem and the ensuing discussions.
Mired in disputes.
Approve any move to relax pressure on it.
Weakness invites aggression.

To snuff you out, extinguish.
Entrenched in more lies.
The deterrent, to discourage something.
The gist, crux of the question.
Inanity, pointlessness, baloney, ineptitude, stupidity, folly, blabber.
I have a hazy recollection.
The woe, grief, great sorrow or distress, anguish.
Deplete resources, exhaust (dwindle), squander, tap resources, use them, drawing on resources, pour resources, replenish resources, fill them up again, sprinkle water.
Be part and parcel of something, be inseparable and partake.
The bank was fined for money laundering.


Let me elaborate on this.
Thank you for uplifting us.
A value judgment, assessing according to somebody's standards.
In plain sight, clearly visible, not hidden.
Everything what emerged out of it, came out of it.
To service the debt, insolvency.
To deprecate, protest, against it.
The economy has shrunk.
Exorcised by bloodletting and self-flagellation, self-pity.
To eschew violence, deliberately avoid using, abstain from.
To instill fear in people.


Built on rotten foundations.
Busy devising bluffs.
Predicament, quandary, plight, a difficult and embarrassing situation, in an awkward predicament, conundrum, difficult problem with only theoretical conjectural answer.
It was a flunk, we flunked, in a pratfall.
A largely pointless trick.
To obfuscate, render obscure, unclear, or unintelligible.
Elections ushered in (resulted, triggered, prompted) a new government, inaugurate.
Equivocal, ambiguous, conflicting, contradictory, contentious, moot, vague.
Sway people into liking you.


Readership.
It is a matter of fate.
To the best of my recollection.
It makes its way out of it.
Cramped within the confines of the frame.
Healthy warning, caveat.
Throughout history.
He'll walk you through the procedure.
That is to say.
We tried to get our point across to you.


God forbid!
Backslide, relapse into bad ways or errors, get a blowback.
Resource intensive workloads, amount of work to be done.
A one-time ally, settling scores, erstwhile ally.
Dug a little deeper into something.
Interplay, the way thing interact with each other.
News travels fast.
It suits you better, this way.
We've broken this guide into three categories.


Did you get the joke.
Feed this info to the prosecutors, feed info to.
What is your judgment on that.
Keep the thumb out of the button.
Make fun of you, at any point.
Survival of the fittest.
Since last we spoke.
Trick question, trap.
Misdiagnose the problem.
The date was set for June, set up the meeting.
Sad state of affairs.


Spy, snoopy dog, stalking, snoop on something.
Bravado, show off, boldness intended to impress or intimidate.
Condescending, showing a supercilious attitude, of patronising superiority.
To condescend to accept, not deign to discuss the matter with us.
He doesn’t vouchsafe me an answer.


He has no grasp of what it means.
Path of least resistance.
Riddled with inaccuracies.
The phones were tapped.
The reality is far grimmer.
Traveled with blindfolds on.
As war booty, spoils of war.
It requires undivided attention, undistracted.
Rule out the chance.


It preys on traditional operating system vulnerabilities.
About a little-known fact.
I can confidently tell you.
We fall short of cash, lack or fail to reach to an expected standard, run low on supply.
Inroad, incursion, raid, stroke or progress, inroads in.
I don't prey on your kindness.
Take a wild guess.
To line lawyers' pockets; using his position to line his pockets.


I predicated my argument on the facts.
She meted out the cookies to each of them.
Fanciful, overimaginative and unrealistic.
To paint this as a rosy picture.
Can I drop in (by, on you) for a couple of minutes.
Gleaned (extracted, collected, harvested) from various sources.
Pour himself out, confide, tell in secret, unburden yourself, tip off.
To instill and imbue good values, gradually but firmly establish.


Essentialise the ‘geopolitics’ over the reason.
Our plan backfired on us, had opposite result from the one intended.
It spans a century, or territory, comprises and includes.
It no longer holds true.
Priorities and deliverables, results.
Enduring challenges and volatile situation.
Like rarely before.
The learning curve is not that steep.
Is anything but easy.
Dismissive, unworthy of consideration, negligible.
Used to speak my mind.
You had better keep off of my property.


Ten votes apiece, for each one.
The mounting arrears, snowballing problems, outstanding payments, uphill battle.
We are left with nothing.
The commission of a crime.
Forfeiture, the involuntary relinquishment of money or property without compensation.
They forfeited the moral right to say it.
To pay the forfeit, the fine.


The story is at odds with what the reporter says, in conflict or contradiction.
A tenet, doctrine proclaimed as true without proof.
Is ripe, baked in my mind.
To ease the strain.
And, to a lesser degree, about developing.


To bemoan (regret, repent) the absence of a position.
Acrobatics to escape the point.
Which has yet to happen.
Setting deadlines and then missing them.
With the proviso that, condition or qualification attached to an agreement or statement.
Valuable input.
Either option has its cost.
What troubles me is that.
A tradeoff (compromise) between objectivity and relevance.
It came along later or in the future, emerged, started to exist, materialise.


Our team has an edge on (over) them, have advantage over.
Dejunk the house before you move, dispose of cluttered or unwanted stuff.
To shove (push roughly) off or into the project.
For the moment it’s stalled.
It looks as if the big powers negotiate over their heads.
The regime was tumbling down (fall) like a house of cards.
Further fleshing out of the role, enlarge and expand, flesh out more.
Conjure up (invoke, by incantation) unreal facts, conjure with (plot, conspiracy).
To phase out, wind down, the act of gradually discontinuing the process, sharply curtailed.


Get in touch, reach out to, get through to somebody.


It doesn't hold water,  not able to be proved, insubstantial.
Find common ground, a foundation for mutual understanding, shared beliefs.
A dustbin, garbage can, trash bin.
Some prescriptions are squiggles, illegible writings.
Don't linger on this issue too long. Don't dwell on it.


Archrival, the principal rival, main opponent, sworn enemy.
His power has ebbed away, receded.
It's safe to say that.
Make up your mind where to go, decide after consideration.
Tilt the balance of power, shift the balance.
Great gig in the sky.
To abduct someone, to kidnap and force to go with you, abduction.


I would put it that way.
Can I jump in for a moment, interrupt.
Before you go on, I'd like to say that.
As the talks get underway, begin to happen, unfold.
Inasmuch as, the provisions apply inasmuch as it is effected - whereas, since.
Contentious issue - causing or likely to cause disagreement.
In broad daylight, in plain sight.
Aimless, purposeless.


It begs the question of where, how.
A cog in a wheel, a pawn.
Mind your business.
Stick to your job.
Take belongings and hit the road.
Trust your gut, inner voice.
European heavyweights, dignitaries.
Until basic democratic norms are reinstated.
It serves different purposes.
Let's do it along the way.


Hats off to you for getting it done.
Share this intel with us.
But I digress, move away from subject.
Digression. Take a little detour.
Era of lecturing is long over.
Unscrupulous and thuggish behavior.
Thuggish looking men, thugocracy.
We stand ready to assist.
Come up with a solution.
Snappy or sluggish, agile, malicious.
To gag someone up, gag law, gagging law, prohibit free expression.


Besides it's troublesome on its own.
To rat out his friend to the police.
The limbo of being, the uncertain awaiting of decision.
He exudes (radiates) bonhomie.
Either of those things are true.
He won't age well.
Rambling speech, lengthy and confusing, utterance, statement, observation.
Helpful to the first time reader.
Reap the consequences.
Must be painstakingly followed, scrupulously, fastidiously.


Resentful of this intervention, touchy, aggrieved, annoyed, embittered.
The entire case rests on one allegation.
Pester, nag, badger, repeatedly ask to do.
To seek leave to do it, to ask the permission of the court.
We turned to a crafty technique.
A month away, nonetheless.
What part do you struggle to comprehend.
Get loose, release of confinement.
Break loose, escape from restraint.
Don't mince words, matters.
It passed all bounds.
Take precedence over it, be paramount.


Retentive memory.
Get a chance to shine.
You're missing the point.
Friction and resentment between us, grudge, grievance.
Lower your mask.
Eyewash, misleading or deceptive statements or action.
Flush out from hidden position.
Take and pick, from the list.
Flat question.
The description fits everyone.
Suit yourselves.
I’ll leave up to you.


Tamper with evidence, evidence tampering, conceal, falsify and destroy.
Tinged with, tinker with details, meddle in affairs.
Fall into disarray, somehow haphazard, unsystematic.


We fought tooth and nail to get it done.
I happened upon a stranger.
The prequel and sequel of the story.
Intimate knowledge, marked by close acquaintance.
The implementation is lagging behind.


At long last, after much waiting.
Regain consciousness.
Strategy worth considering, worthwhile.
Regardless of her meaning well.
Nothing that binds us.
To repent is not enough. Feign contrition, remorse, repentance.
Day of reckoning has come.
How pleasing.
This would suit the purpose.
Everyone who cares to listen.
You're laughing at us, shooting at us.


Ambitions far above capabilities.
Ordeal, a painful or horrific experience, especially a protracted one.
Declined the proffered honour.
The incumbent president, currently holding office. The incumbent, holder of post.
This is beneath me.
The only word you can conjure in this parley.
The answer rests in your question.
They are the least of my concerns.
None to speak of.
Untrue by an inch, untrue by a mile.
It can breed resentment. Spawn and beget.


If nobody minds.
Tragedy averted.
Soil the suit, smear, stain, defile, mar, dirty.
Cling to power.


Exonerated of all charges levied against him by the Law.
You get the picture.
You defile everything you touch.
He fared well in his profession. It fared ill or badly with him.
A country stuck in transition.
Alleviate your misgivings, have an apprehension.
Be sick with worry, extremely worried, apprehensive.
But otherwise, thanks for the rundown, analysis or summary.


He is well versed in lying.
Time for this is long past.
Beneath the mask.
I begin to be vexed with this.
The recipe for disaster.
Who stand to benefit from it.
Words of comfort, pressing matter, pushing matter.
We present you this offer.
Pay in kind, in similar manner.
Errant ways, straying from standards.
Resentment, bitter feelings of being treated unfairly.


Wrath of the gods.
Snatch assets, quickly seize in a rude or eager way.
To outwit or best the opponent.
Spill the coffee.
But you hushed up this case, whitewashed it.
The question that plagues me.
In retribution for their raids, well deserved punishment.
Meting out a due punishment.
Deliverance, of being rescued, released, liberated.
The pertaining paragraphs occur further.
Raise awareness of corruption.
To buy into it, completely believe it. Snap it up.
So gullible that they snap it up, believe a lie readily.


Didn't he deign to answer the question, to condescend.
If you will deign to honour it with your presence.
To marshal the thoughts, expose, organise, articulate.
Lamentally failed.
A couple of quick points.
To impart to, to break the news of or about, to them.
Until we see the facts, this is a blabber, a guff, she blabbered on and on.
Attempt to stifle democracy, suffocate, drowning.
In last year alone.
Reinvigorate the economy in the area.
The largest of the kind.


The best you can master.
To contend with the threats.
Built on the unshakable commitment.
Here comes the question.
Are you willing to compromise on it.
I've set out principles.
If I can take the first question first.
To abide by the decision, comply with.
To be ambitious about this.
Which seeks to instill confrontation.
Pupil who should be tutored.
Tinged with abjection, presented as.


Don't get pulled into endless assignments.
Don't dismiss it as mere stupidity.
You should beware of it, be on full alert and warned of it.
Thing that struck me.
Drawing on our experience, on the circumstances.
Geared toward building the case on nothing.
The story hasn't unfolded as expected back then.
The EU's gravitational pull or tug.
Pressure will mount drastically.
Scapegoat, as a misconceived opinion.


The dissemination of information.
The feud took its toll on both sides.
The lesson has really paid off.


Endure the pain with deep-seated distrust.
Unravel - investigate and solve, sort out, explain.
We bluster, talk or converse aggressively with little effect.
Our acquiescence, reluctant acceptance without protest.
Riddled and teemed with platitudes, banalities.
Suppress, clamp down on media freedom.
Bears witness of a crime, proves that it is true.


To sideline the player, marginalise.
It renders the efforts useless, draft unaltered.
The bane of my existence, cause of my misfortune, baneful, pernicious (curse, scourge, plague, nuisance, headache).
A nagging discrepancy, vexing disarray.
It stands out from the crowd.


No guts, no glory - fortitude, determination, toughness of character.
My gut reaction, have guts to.
It lies ahead of us.
The event kicks off today, marks the start.
He kicks off the festivities.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread, step in.
A relic Soviet agency.
The scam was masterminded by him.
Oftentimes, to lift millions out of poverty.
Fanning the flames of nationalist populism, sparking, fomenting.


No political breakthrough anywhere in sight.
Have good reason to feel content.
Marked the peak of his influence, climax, culmination.
Preeminent oligarch, stand out of or surpassing all others.
Firmly in the ascendancy as the next term looms, looming, lurking.
We haven't yet worked out what to do if they start disagreeing.
The information percolates through (seep through) the censorship, permeate, transpire.
For whom the bell tolls, like the tolling of a funeral bell.
In a court case that had pitted his word against another’s.
Truce, armistice, agreement between enemies to stop fighting.


Roll up our sleeves.
To take the liberty to send out the message.
Stalled process, clogged up with old problems, cluttered.


To decry the human rights abuses, publicly denounce.
Divisive actions, tending to instill disagreement.
Arrested her on trumped up charges.
A blessing in disguise.
Uncannily accurate.
Came onto the scene with more awareness of the problem.


He nodded in acquiescence in that they propose, acquiesce halfheartedly.
The thieves concocted a simple plan, invented, devised.
Whatever he concocted, conjured something, juggle.
Despite the rising unease, discomfort, anxiety.
He has a very strong aversion to us.


Make my presence felt.
I don't want to run a risk of doing so.
In a long run, in the short run.
Run afoul of the police, into a severe conflict.
Run rampant, grow out of control.
Rumour has it that they are entwined.
The story goes that he, so the story goes, as goes the joke
Tradition/legend has it that.
Suffice it to say that.
The request should be years old by now.


In order to allay the social tensions.
To sober him up.
Was is worth the effort? It seems worth considering.
I don't question your due diligence.
They went as far as to say that this is fictitious.
As if I care what he thinks.
It has received less coverage.
I am right in saying that.
Somebody rustles in the bush.


Landslide victory, an overwhelming majority, smash victory.
That everyone knows but me.
No pun intended.
Wheedle, cajole and entice the officials into the project.
How he made his way into the position.


Palliative, reduces pain without curing the cause.
A sharp blow to the prestige.
To give you the sense of, an insight.
Improvise on the flight.
Only few Moldovans back the incumbent president.
If you fall off the wagon again.
This is not the sort of decision I take lightly.
You're judged by the friends you keep.


He likens one to another.
In a strongly worded statement.
It has ulterior motives, intentionally undisclosed and hidden, veiled intent.
Prestigious, at least in his own eyes.
Few came forward with accusations against him, finger-pointings, to prod.
Losing no opportunity to prod the opposition, sharp tongue.
On the surface, it is so.


Free-flowing dialogues, structureless, like we had no subject matter.
At the cost of their social alienation and stigmatisation.
The cure isn't worth the medicine.
Spiritus rector of the project, mastermind.
As on the issues related to.


Blanket polemics, covering all cases, total and inclusive.
A quibble, to evade the point at issue, a pun.
Indiscriminate, done at random or without careful judgment, groundless, unfounded, baseless, frivolous, at will, unwarranted, gratuitous.
Inane and unwarranted allegations.
Coat of arms, heralding bearings.
While preemptive pardons are rare - they are not unheard of.
That ends the case.
We must do our utmost to prevent, try the utmost to.


To gratify the request, satisfy, approve.
Judgemental, displaying an overly critical point of view.
Brace yourself.
Daunting task, discouraging to achieve, ominous, menacing.
Daunt, scare, consternate, bully.
To have the guts to say no.
Pitch in, help out, contribute or assist: we pitched in $1 to buy it.
Every time it comes around, occurs.
This decision is a slap to many.
Do anything at will.
That could prove invaluable.
A clarion signal, clear and loud.




--- [ rand.txt ] ---


We'll get to it.
It sounds a little suspect to me.
Stand on firm grounds.
With crude estimations.
It causes me a heap of troubles.
A timely moment.
Are we ready to bring it about? Pull it off.
Preparations are in full swings, are underway.
Money was siphoned.
Call into doubt, into question, scrutinise.


Embroiled and tangled in incessant, ceaseless fuss and squabble.
This spawns rumours.
Cases tried and determined.
This is mind-boggling.
Under the guise of, under the veneer of lawfulness.
We remain clueless about.
Elusive goal.
To revamp (rehabilitate, overhaul, recondition, mend, repair, enhance, improve an old thing) an old idea.
Not that it matters, but.


Unleash his fury, untether from.
Baffled by his wickedness and mischief.
Bogged into intricacies.
It keeps us in check.
This sickens me, it stinks, it reeks of wealth.
He is prone to material incentives, susceptible.
A big blow to the cause.
An inducement to coax you, an enticement.
Chat with somebody.
By sheer accident.
You caught us off-guard.


No fact underpins it.
Off topics and out of context.
Stumble on him, encounter by chance, run into him, cross path.
Mingle diplomats with morons and jerks.
Strike off the court rolls and docket.
I'll figure it out, work it out.
Gear up for challenges.
Cram the agenda in one hour.


Domestic avenues exhausted.
Above all else, stretch the truth.
Intelligible or difficult to grasp.
Heavily involved, looked from afar.
First off, to top it all.
In due course, period of limitation.
Conceded with a shrug.


More nuisance and annoyance than fun.
Magic wand.
Trample on roses.
Have the effrontery to say it, have the nerve to.
Ruse, ploy and subterfuges.
Dissemble fear by smiling. Cloaking fear by smiling.
Poke around the clash, pry into the affairs, be impertinently curious, snook into, snook around.
Probe the mud for worms.
The flip-side of triumphant cynicism.
The curiosity outweighs fear.
This is pretty much it.


The onset of the issue.
Relaxed moral standards. Lax security or monitoring.
Lax interpretation of the law. Careless, negligent.
Let's sharpen the question.
Plunge, immerse in documents.
During the intermission.
Money funnelled, drained out.
Rest on laurels.
Are we quits now? Square with you. We’re even.
Rebuke for the mistake, admonish.
A pun, a wordplay.
Once in awhile.


Frank and outspoken.
Gain the upper hand.
Convoluted, too complex.
To recoup the funds embezzled.
From the grounds up.
Neat and tidy, elegant, and innocuous, harmless.
Social cohesion.
Blandishment, meant to flatter, inducement.
Stoke the conflict.
Pitfall, trap, lair, to ensnare.


The responsibility rests on you. The onus is on you.
He's shying away from the answer.
Put mildly, he shuns the answer, dodges it, fudge it, try to wiggle out of it.
Put differently, in other words.
I'm gonna filch this joke from you.


Lately, it has fallen out of use.
Pass it on, hand it over to me.
A sudden surge of interest.
It resonates with my humble opinion, squares with it, dovetails, agrees.


At your first convenience.
He's stirring up trouble.
I'm hampered by my scarce vocabulary.
Paucity of experiences, scarcity.
Please pass my greetings to him.
We're off the beaten track.


I can't vouch for him.
I submit that this is forgery.
Can we compromise on it?
It's often equated with recklessness, fecklessness, sloth, laziness, indolence.
The Prime Minister vows (pledge) reforms, makes a pledge.


We stay bound to the commitment.
Have I got it across to you?
He'll mop the floor with you.
You are seemingly betting on a wrong horse.


In tight schedule, on short notice.
On schedule, ahead of schedule, behind schedule.
The outcome depends on conditions as well as how events unfold.
The facts started to unfold before them.


Find something to your liking.
Facts set out in this Note.
System glitch and quirk. Freak.
His latest infamous deed (stunt, trick), disgraceful acrobatics.
You live a lie.


Clear and unequivocal.
Grossly unfair.
Recourse to proceedings.
To escape further persecutions.
Wield arbitrary power and authority.
Lack of effective protection of human rights.
Falsely accused of crimes.
Perpetrated on them by the culprit, cronies and stooges.
Has hidden the proceeds of his illegal raids.
Under Communist rule.
Back to its rightful owner.
Renewed and extended loan.
Appropriation of foreign property.
To put across is to explain.


Conventional wisdom, common sense.
I am haunted by this obsession.
Changes that occurred over such a short time span.
And has continued to this day.
Let ambitions cloud thinking.
With the grace of god.


Keep up with your train of thoughts.
He brazenly spouted lies, the menace is creeping up.
Ascend to the summit of power.
Overtly or covertly, wittingly or unwittingly.
Lick the wounds.


Under the hood, underhand, under-stage.
Purposely crafted to a particular end.
Praise for a flurry of activity, to heap praises, be lauded.
System of checks and balances.
Have no scruples or remorse, no pangs of conscience, of guilt.
The whistleblower.
To what extent.


Self-bestowed titles.
Untamed maniacal swindler.
It is a marvel to me, stunning.
Who gives a damn.
It suffices to say, suffice it to say.
Fiction displaces and supersedes facts, supplants.
Resurrect the old system, revive.


Boundless opportunities in vivid details.
Shipwreck debris, dystopia.
A riddle still remains.
The team shows fatigue, is weary.
Scramble through obstacles, wade through.
Run out of patience.
At a rough guess, surmise, guesstimate.
Proceed on the above basis.
Wipe the tears.
Values you espouse, embrace, advocate.

Everyone charged with criminal offences shall be presumed innocent until found guilty according to the law.
Subjected to politically motivated and improperly influenced criminal prosecution and convictions which have no legal basis.
Unlawful misconduct for which the state is responsible under the Convention.
Flagrant violation of rule of law and Convention rights.
What is especially noteworthy is that, perhaps uniquely in the history.
They and their families are in enforced exile, in a very precarious position as fugitive from justice.
The court files were improperly doctored to give the appearance of legal regular proceedings.
Orchestrated by and to the benefit of the culprit.
Not only did the court lack jurisdiction.
Breach of the rule of random allocation of cases.
Nor did it specify what property he is alleged to have appropriated.
The allegation is without any justification in law and fact.
The distortion and misapplication of substantive law and the Code of Criminal Procedure.

Loutish and blatant heist.
It appals me.
Brazen and impudent plunder.
Despicable and repugnant lie.
Cogent and compelling evidence.
Forceful argument, strong and solid, emphatic.
Inadvertent blunder, typo, Freudian slip, accidental and fortuitous.
Doughty and audacious reforms, fortitude, valiantly, courageously.
Redundant and futile action, obsolete.


Reticent about his affairs.
Extinct and defunct system.
Hazy legislation and fuzzy legal frame.
Not a foggiest idea.
Sluggish reaction, lagging behind, sluggishness.
Hasty, expeditious and unimpeded, unopposed.
Wanton and egregious scam.
Broad and purposive interpretation.
Insidious devious scheme.
Witty and caustic remark, a quip, witticism.
Forcible or voluntary enforcement.
Charge imputed to prop up the allegation.
He was charged under article one.
The budget has to be trimmed, cut short, truncate, crop, abridge, curtail.


I submit it for your consideration.
It meshes with our plans, dovetail with, harmonise with.
To awaken your interest for the topics, arouse instincts.
Their ostensible goal was to curb corruption.


You reap what you saw.
They lean to bargain with this individual.
His testimony fits the facts you are reticent about.
A wide disagreement among various sources, semantics.
Lift the fog around it.
This is a simple-minded view, albeit fairly confident.
The clue in this pivotal moment.


Are still debatable to some extent.
It is dressed in too much intricate complexity.
It poses strong restrictions and nontrivial threats.
Don't concern yourself with the details.
The rest presumably awaits discovery.


Few quick points to your last comeback.
Does it sound familiar?
As it turned out, it was worth doing.
Figuratively speaking, this is indicative.
The attempts resulted in his resignation.


Genuinely, annoyingly difficult.
Deceptively simple to glimpse into the root, insight.
It just feeds my suspicion and conviction.
Rude, impolite, but no strings attached, it doesn’t connote anything else.
You're talking in riddles.


It's gratifying and he feels valued.
It has echo effects, healing effect.
Pretty much a mixture of both.
It befell us, submitting us to severe injustice.
The culprit who devised and perpetrated the scam, masterminded.


Detached from reality.
Rescue, bailout you.
It flatters and indulges us.
Pursue the goal, bend rules, attain it.
He has commissioned a poll.
We got a keen awareness of the repercussions.
Don't quarrel with facts (wrangle over, blow up), don't overlook them.


As a result of that.
Devoid of sense and pointless, fraught with danger or risk.
He will soon lose his zeal and warm admiration.
His keen and witty intellect astonishes me.
The question is worth answering.
Such measures would be redundant.
Gain a safe shelter in the wake of the retaliation.
You mistook me for someone else.
Inbuilt bias, gloomy prospects and grim statistics.


Incidentally, not on purpose.
Then I rest my case.
The habitat of an artist.
On the verge of fraud.
Don't ascribe any significance to it.
It's worthwhile or worthless to embellish the facts.
The background latency, taken for granted.
A hash of unorganised stories.


Thwart the processes.
Disseminate information amidst his peers, peddle stories.
Hinder to exercise the rights.
Preemptive measures gained acceptance.
He coerces the judges' obedience.
He won't contend fairly with his rivalry.


Don't bother to listen.
Delusion of grandeur, even under oath.
Something is rotten, here rather than in Shakespeare's work.
The decision entails much subsequent commitment.
We quest to learn how things can budge.
A prominent (notorious) thief and villain, particularly noticeable.
Reputedly, reportedly and arguably (can be shown to be true).
The heist's sole beneficiary.


When their interests are at stake.
Sentencing his enemies on command.
Who was driven out of the country, banished.
They eavesdrop and wiretap all over.
You're gifted with clairvoyance.
We've been charged with invented offences (figments, yarns).
We seek redress and rest assured of it.
It culminated with a climax of cleptocracy and thugocracy.


In the nutshell, stripped to its essentials.
They cheat with impunity, exempted of punishment.
He's dizzy with success, dazzled by gleams of light.
They're opposing stiff and stubborn resistance.
He's dubbed so, a sort of nom de guerre.
It makes no sense and makes no difference.


You have taken this on pure faith.
We have scant respect for such attitude.
They switched emphasis under utterly hollow pretext.
We are set on waging a campaign against him.
We may reasonably infer that from conclusive evidence.
For two weeks now.
It constantly eludes me, how come!
Villains sided with villains.


A thorough or cursory scrutiny.
Not an astute examiner.
It is perhaps worth reiterating.
To reconcile and then reciprocate, reconcile ourselves with.
It proved to having swam against the tide.
He attained the zenith of fame.
It steers us towards the worst scenario.
Given the evidence, await the boomerang effect, backfire, blowback.
Seeking refuge, compelled to flee the country.


The uneven application of law.
Now let's tweak the position, fine-tune our stance, posture, approach.
You gripped our (undivided, undistracted) attention.
Barely imitating activities and feigning reforms.
This movies spoofs (imitates) other movies, hoax or trick.
Squeeze perjuries from ostensible witnesses.


Evocative buzzword.
We don't want you to meddle, on intercede.
We'll heed this sage advice.
Cannon fodder and not a peer accomplice.
Broadly speaking, a broad brush approach.
The one who emanates menaces.
Cherry-picking the facts and reckon so.


Lure the animal with a bait, decoy.
Clumsy use of language.
Clear-cut, crisp and conspicuous, clarion.
The jar is crammed with baloney, nonsense, hogwash.
You've got a valid point.
Bluff yourself with this nasty framed-up case.
The mob runs out of patience.
Set off on the right course, heading toward the final act.
Tedious, boring, tiresome and cumbersome (onerous, burdensome).
Muddy reconnaissance.
Just mark my words.


Dispel any doubts.
Get an adverse, untoward, hurtful, pernicious impact, imprint.
How can we give credence to such a crook?
You conflated facts with fallacy, in a confluence.
I dare to dissent from your viewpoint.
He's been cleared of all allegations.
Debunk all myths.
Despite efforts to silence critics.


Burden of proof. Onus probandi. The first onus to demonstrate that.
Operating on the assumption that this is true.
Assets divested, right deprived, people afflicted, damage inflicted.
For the dread of his foes, archrivals.
This is impugned matter and moot question, contentious.
Bandit territory and kangaroo courts.
We've been denied fundamental justice.


They are simply muddying the waters. Slime.
On an uncharted territory.
The institutions got numb and crippled, maimed.
You cut into our time, trespass on our time, encroach on your privacy.
Pervasive illusion, ubiquitous perception, rife corruption.
Venal judges, cunning raider, sly and crafty, dodgy company.
Effrontery, having the nerve telling this, have the guts to say.
Lame fantasies and conjectures.
Apart from your hunch, there are records.


To my amazement.
The solution lies in the removal.
Reshuffle the same staff.
Stain on his reputation, tainted by allegations.
What all the fuss and squabble is about?
Rules are flouted in agencies devoid of independence.
He piles tremendous pressure over them.
That's the way to torment us, distress, excruciate.
Abject misery, it connotes a pejorative context (invectives).


He sneaked in by the back door.
They misrepresent the situation, give a false account.
Sober discussion, but who bothers to listen.
They divvied up the country and morphed into dictatorship.
Wetting your appetite for a deeper investigation.
The docket is not yet set up.
Tantalising questions, tempting, enticing, teasing and appealing proposal.
Unnerving question, bewildering dichotomy.
Faulty data pale in comparison with the whole fairy tale, pale beside.
His crony, acolyte, proxy, nexus, henchman, stooge, poodle, cheerleader, nominee, figurehead.


The investigation seems to stall. It's stalemated.
To unshackle a crippled society, plagued by rampant corruption.
Can I interpose, or interject, provided that you allow me.
We have to forestall and avert it by discontinuing to endorse the swindlers.
Much to my bewilderment, in stark contrast to it.


Right to confront prosecution witnesses.
Presumption of innocence.
Absence of legal certainty (with reasonable certainty).
Unfair and unequal legal proceedings.
No proper or sufficient reasons for decisions.
Violation of "tribunal established by law" requirements.
Right to an independent and impartial tribunal.
Freedom of speech.

Given such a political landscape.
To my dismay and consternation, stupefaction.
He continually disavows his past, repudiate.
He blew the trumpet, whistle.
He repudiated previous practices (refuse to be associated with).
Prefatory remark, introductory note.
One can readily conceive that.
Happily, it went viral.
It goes without saying that. As the saying goes, proverb.
I carve out time for reading.
Withstand the travails.
Plenty of room, opulence.
Something significant is afoot, is about to happen.
By-product and side-effect.
Renovations are slated for late June.
He was at the helm, steering.
Stop yelling and whining, whinging.
To narrow down the available selections.

Damn freaking simple.
Hounded by the police. Hunt him down, chase and catch.
Hit the road, take a powder.
It is not in dispute that it was done.
This is beside the point, extraneous, irrelevant, inconsequential, insignificant.
Contrary to his contentions.
In truth, merely for the sake of illustration, of brevity.
How nice of you to grace us with your presence.

Play rough and abide the risk.
The contentions become mired, stuck in mud.
It the more so embarrasses us.
A long-standing feud between two camps.
The judge has commuted the sentence.
Are you stalking me?

The difficulties that ensued from their commitment.
Forestall hasty judgements.
Uncanny resemblance.
Undertaking researches.
He called a meeting to solicit their views.
The outreach of his propaganda.
Being slammed for whitewashing the scam and tainted reputation.
We are slow to respond to the challenge, sluggish, lagging response.
Given that it is obsolete, outdated, rudimentary, redundant.
The ball is in your court.
Amongst other things, inter alia.


They had to succumb to the strain.
Problems built up over two decades, piled over, added up.
While you are busy making jokes.
This idea lay dormant for many years.
Lit by the sun.
He ushered in a new era.
It is a modern notation for complicity.
Lay your doubts to rest.


His insistence finally paid off.
The loudest critic.
Apologies to them are long overdue.
To wrangle with it, outside the scope.
Duly noted. Point taken.
Settle scores amongst former partners.
Learn the hard way.
Adjacent area or neighbourhood, contiguous issues.
We were relieved to find out.
An ill-chosen moment, and rigged polls, doctored.


Has it ever crossed your mind?
Out of curiosity.
Thinking out loud.
We stand by these principles.
It goes unnoticed among the readers.
It left its imprint on the situation.
The legacy of the conflict.
Foregone conclusion, a priori, preconceived.
To scrap the agreement, discard as obsolete.
Frenetic pace of activity.


Full steam ahead.
Add insult to injury, mockery, or banter.
To banter with the waitresses, in a good-humorous teasing way.
Barking up the wrong tree.
Far cry from, very different from.
In the heat of the moment.
It takes two to tango.
Miss the boat.
Steal someone's thunder, take the credit.
Sit on the fence, behold impassibly, impassively.
Bystander, beholder, onlooker, spectator.
Taste of your own medicine.
To die for an idea is to place a pretty high price upon conjectures, Anatole France.
I apologize unreservedly.
Time is what prevents everything from happening at once.
Opportunity dances with those on the dance floor.
We don't see things as they are, we see things as we are, Anais Nin.
You'll always miss 100% of the Os you don't take, Wayne Gretzky.
Eidetic or photographic memory.


Stand trial for, stand accused of, this ends the case.
Try our utmost to extradite them.
It proved invaluable.
Having ulterior motives, intentionally concealed, undisclosed, veiled.
Blanket accusations, general and all inclusive.
Strongly worded and clarion statement.




encumber (burden, cramp), thwart, hinder, embarrass, obstruct, hamper, interfere, meddle in, pry into, resonates with.
	stark contrast, sheer, pure, stiff, squarely (directly), gross, severe, sharp, fierce, keen, abrupt, steep.
	mitigate (diminish), downplay (belittle), disparage (discredit, vilify, denigrate), commute, wane, ebb away, dwindle, shrink, abate (subside, quite down), allay, exacerbate (worsen, make worse), decrease, reduce, discount, enfeeble (meager), relent (slack), concede (succumb to, surrender, acquiesce to, give in), undercut; assuage grief, alleviate pain, fear, anguish; attenuate, loose temper, fade out.
	baffle (confuse, mislead, muddle, befuddle), taken aback, astonish (astound), amaze, abash (disconcerted, embarrassed, ashamed), surprise, daze (stupefy, bewilder, mind-boggling), stunning, staggering, blazing; annoy (exasperate, vex, irritate, infuriate, peeve, bugged); stubborn (opinionated, obstinately, steadfast, resolute), mesmerised (crippled, transfixed); appalling (dire, gruesome, heinous, horrendous), chilly/frosty.
	contemptible, despicable (deserving scorn, repugnance, obnoxious, abominable, reprehensible, sordid), abomination, disgrace; negligent, reckless (oblivious, feckless), not diligent; inadvertent (by accident, fortuitous).
	enthralling (captivating), endear, sympathetic, thrilled with (enchanted by), delightful, fascinating, charming, groovy, exciting, disenchant (dishearten, disappoint, free him of illusions), unattainable, appealing, promising.
	overlook, disregard, elide (leave out of consideration, omit, pass by in silence), flout, pass over, shrug out, disdain, pay no attention, snub, condone (connive), deter from, deterrent, erode, neglect, dodge (fudge), ignore, shun (shy away from, wiggle out of), skim through, cursory glance, flip through.
	weird, bizarre, outlandish, peculiar, queer, odd, strange, uncanny, eerie, eccentric, kinky, spooky, the least likely, nothing remotely like.
	displace, supplant (supersede and replace), precede, antedate, backdate, rudely suppress, by now, to date, out of date.
	bypass, circumvent, surpass, (trump, overtop, prevail, take precedence over), surmount, overcome, lay down, set out/forth.
	conversely, on the contrary, in contrast with, dissimilarly, apart from; contrive, devise, concoct, engineer, cast about for, devious/scam, shenanigan, swindle, grifting, filch, fiddle, under the sway/hold, on his leash, at the behest/whim of (fad, quirk, mood swing, vagary, freak).
	despise (loathe, detest, abhor), hatred, contempt, disconsider (slight), resent, retaliation, tit-for-tat, revenge, feud, deep-seated rancour, spite, grudge, resentment, malice.
	pop up, come up with, arise, appear, emerge, bump into (stumble on/across), run into (encounter, cross path), come across, proliferate, mushroom, boom.
	embodies, embed, enclose, encompass, incorporate, embodiment of betterment, embellishment, blandishment, hoax - flattery, coax, inducement, adulation.
	alienate, maroon, forsake, forgo-refrain from, eschew (desist from), divert, forestall that by doing this, preclude from (avert, foil), gather (garner), coalesce, muster, marshal/rally, pull together, lump together, assent/dissent from the view, bestow/confer, conferral/bestowment, trespass on/cut into, encroach on his privacy (intrude into, inroad).
	tap into (enter), gear up for, be poised to do, bump into, pop into view, hop to, what has befallen him, what we underwent, hinge on (contingent on, dependent on), conditioned to, support (underpin, endorse, bolster, back, prop up), draw on, impinge on, provided that, nurture (bring up, raise, groom), befriend.
	lofty, sublime, heightening, flamboyant, embellish, vivid, vibrant, ludicrous, ridicule, hilarious, amusing, groovy, deride, grotesque, dizzying.
	undergo, scramble through, sneak in, creep up, sniff around, impute, vindicate imputation, elaborated, sophisticated, pertinent details, pertaining to.
	pitfall, trap, cage, ensnare, enticement (a lure/bait); moron (dull-witted), nutcase, jerk, nutjob, jackass.
	in the wake of, aftermath/outcome, repercussion/corollary; unburden yourself, pour yourself out.
	dispel/debunk (myth, doubt), bust, cast doubts, falter in (dither, wobble between, teeter), rebut (charges), refute, reject, disprove, rebuff abruptly, repudiate, disavow, decline, deflect, revoke (annul, rescind, rescission), repeal (quash, overrule, override, set aside, reverse, remand), dissuade, repel, bounce back, resilient (quick to recover from difficulties), expel, evacuate, exorcise, elude (equivocation), relinquish (waive rights, renounce), concede, fall back.
	harbour/host life, fence by/with, hardwired, ingrained habit, inherent, intrinsic, intimately, innermost, essential, immanent, ~extrinsic, reliance on, trust, conceal, hide, shroud, shield, abscond, lurk, cringe, gullible, naive, credulous, spurious, sham, stealth, bias, preconceived, prejudge, disqualifying, fallacy, shady, deceitful, forged, falsified, counterfeit, fake, phony, rigged, tampered, trumped up (fabricated, fictitious, apocryphal), doctored, concocted, bogus, fib (small lie).
	thorough ~cursory, accurate, astute, painstaking, strenuous (assiduous, meticulous), perspicacious, shrewd, scarcely, hardly, barely.
	flee, banish, exile, compel to refuge, compelled to reveal himself, unpalatable truth, benchmark, he muddied the waters.
	dispatch, dispense, apportion, divvy, divide, distribute, in due course, on the occasion, crowd/flock around, amass (accrue).
	to con into, cunning (sly,dodgy), mischievous (mean, naughty, prankish), vile/petty, despicable, contemptible, treacherous, callous/cruel.
	mingle with, mix with, blend, mess with, melt, combine, compound, conflate.
	enshrine, foster, arrogate, cope with, cherish, hail, salute, herald, revere, relish.
	chat with, mess with, hangout, nourish, feed, fuel, stoke, fanning, devour, embroil, entangle, intricate (intricacies), liaise, mesh with, linkage to.
	cram into, riddled with, teemed with, replete with, stuffed with, be littered with, be crawling with, cluttered with/by, infest with, fraught with, imbued with, accounts for, accountable for.
	henchman, acolyte, accomplice, nominee (puppet, strawman, stooge, marionette, figurehead), proxies, allies, nexus, hitman, subservient, servile, cringing, proselyte, delinquent, offender, villain,  thug, highwayman, culprit, orchestrated, framed-up, concerted.
	scatter, crack, sunder-split, bust, shatter-crumble, fall apart/disintegrate, dissipate, dispense, cast, shed, pour, discern, susceptible to, prone to gratifying, indulge, healing, echo, reverberate, echo effect, cascading, pay attention, heed, it pales beside - in comparison with, it lies in, it falls into.
	tardy, protracted, overdue, delayed, retarded, shelving, overstretched, procrastinate, temporised, put off doing, belatedness, ~long-standing (enduring); data drilling, dig/dug, pierce, tunnel, penetrate, permeate, bore into.
	perpetrate, proponent (apologist, defender), prolific, prominent, notorious, pre-eminent, noticeable, salient, remarkable, conspicuous, grasp, grab, grip of power/attention, clench.
	flatter, flirt with, sedate, appealing, rife, pervasive (pervade), ubiquitous, widespread, endemic.
	ascribe, attribute, allegedly (ostensibly, purportedly, on the face, apparently), impute, pretend, purport, ostensible blunder (Freudian slip, gaffe, faulty, oversight, omission, inadvertence, cock-up), reportedly, with impunity.
	perplex, to bewilder, flummox, bewilderment, nuisance, dismay, consternation, shock, daunting (ominous, threatening, sinister), in a pickle (in a big problem, predicament, plight, quandary, conundrum), inconvenience, annoyance, bummer.
	drawback, flaw, shortcoming, deadlock, impasse, political gridlock (paralysis), downside (disadvantage, handicap, setback), stray from (move away, divert, deviate, derail, depart from), deflect the judgment.
	Dammit! Who the hell is… Symbiotic (in interdependent relationship), hybrid, amalgam, compound, admixture, bonanza.
	precursor, ancestor, predecessor, forerunner-pioneer, successor, leader and laggard, remnant; abject/humble.
	bold, courageous, doughty ~daunting, brave, manly, fortitude, have the guts, audacity, valiant.
	dodge, fudge, steer toward, head to, set off to, budge, lure, reckon, hype, tout, peddle.
	Cheat, spoof, bilk, screw up, scam, deceive, delude, mislead, (out)fox, bluff, blabber, guff, hoodwink, bamboozle, dupe, dissemble, feign, cloak, misrepresent, discernment, sagacity.
	guesstimate, gauge, measure, appraise, evaluate, assess, parse, ponder, fathom, dependably rely on, confidently, safe to say, contend that, submit that, galvanised, clustered tightly around, drain from, detach from.
	prompt, urge, impel, compel, boost, coerce, impose, enforce, prescribe, enjoin, (injunction, compulsion, constraint), arrest warrant.
	dwell on, hover over, linger, hatch, incubate, hook, bend rules, inflect, by no means.
	redundant, superfluous, futile, no go, extinct, inexorable (adamantly), absolve, exonerate, implacable, relentless, reluctant, defunct.
	wield, handle, manage, master technique, yield, harness, use, employ, crafted-designed-tailored for.
	clear and crisp, clarion, pure and plain, clear-cut, uncluttered, unobtrusive, unimpeded, unobstructed, unopposed, hindrance-impediment.
	fuzzy, hazy, murky, vague, blurred, befogged, foggy, bogged down, mired into, sunk, mud, slime, swamped, flood, overload, inaccurate, dissolute.
	tip (off), allude, hint, indication, clue, inkling, hunch, conjecture, finding, estimation, figure out, obey-heed, abide by, comply with, exert, experience, pile on, impinge, influence, impart, jammed between.
	central, core, key, essential, pivotal, gist, crux of the matter, kernel, chief, primary, root, crucial, critical, vital, prime purpose, last but not least, doom, gloomy view, dim, dreary, bleak, inbuilt bias, grim statistics.
	ill-founded, perverse, distorted, groundless, blanket, indiscriminate.
	verge, edge, margin, fringe, limit, on the brink of.
	hunch, intuition, premonition, presentiment, forebodings, misgiving, apprehension.
	fetch, foreshadow, prefigure, rest assured, with a premise, depict, portray, delineate.
	Indict for, arraign on charges, put on trial for, charge with an offence, stand accused of, acquit, redress, exonerate, relief, injury, inflict, afflict, flawed, viciate, impair, defile, distortion, deficient, vicious, prejudicial, pejorative, invective, deriding term, derogatory, disparaging, downplay, shrug out.
	soaring achievement, attainment, tantalising accomplishment, torment, excruciate (ordeal), intertwine, interlock, entwined, twisted, interconnected, interdependent, coupled with, corroborated with, glued, weld, alongside with, combined, conjointly with, fused with, confluence, merging, embroiled, entangled, côte-à-côte.
	impede, adjourn, postpone, temporise, impending, scheduled, slated for, due to be, fortuitous, hover, cherry-picking, preemptive, laggy (slow to respond), sluggish, sluggishness, linger, ~snappy, agile.
	pillage, spoil, booty, lucrative business, funnel cash, siphon, steal, infringe, breach, transgress, infraction, disobey, strip, hijack, usurp, misappropriate, alienate.
	incidentally, colloquial, vernacular jargon, alas, latency, amid mob, domestic avenues exhausted, misapprehension-misconception.
	hassle (clash, skirmish, melee, scuffle, tussle, fray), impact, turmoil, upheaval, fuss, squabble, uproar, quarrel, grapple, ~smooth, ~mild, ~slick.
	volatile, mercurial, fickle, clumsy-dexter, cumbersome, eavesdrop, wiretap, subterfuge (ruse, ploy, stratagem, loophole, workaround), embezzle, loot, rob, mug, heist, defraud, rape, divest, dispossess, grab, plunder (pillage), amass, cynical/loutish theft.
	praise, laudatory, spawn rumours, blabber on, palaver, gossip, chitchat, give rise to, beget, arouse, hearsay, purposive interpretation, rude and impolite, ruthless, ~courtesy, inexorable, implacable, intransigent, uncompromising.
	ascertain, ensure, give credence to, assert-disprove, vouch, conceive, perceive, apprehend, comprehend, reflect, grasp.
	devise, contrive, plot, spot, map, engineer, invent, concoct, a figment of, yarn, make up, construe.
	boast, brag, mock (scoff at, taunt), criticise (revile, slam, rebuke, diatribe, take aim at), giggle (smirk at, chuckle, grin), scout, bestow, endow, lavish (generous, wasteful), with generosity - largesse, finesse.
	pursuant to, imply, infer (inference), derive, ensue from, flow out of, assume, presuppose, entail, set forth; worthwhile to take, benign, ~untoward, adverse, pernicious, hazardous, precarious (wobbly, shaky), malign.
	deceptively simple, annoyingly difficult, damn freaking simple.
	hasty, expeditious, in rush, rapid, fast, swift, hurriedly.
	chief, paramount, ~petty, ~subsidiary, pressing-pushing, utmost, crucial, trigger, determinant, decisive, concise, thumbnail, major-minor.
	cogent, evident, obvious, manifest, patently, blatant, flagrant, glaring, ostensive, genuinely, plainly (unmistakably), bluntly, brute fact, wanton, outrageous, debauching, rampage, unrestrained.
	striking, gross, severe, rampant, flagrant, egregious, flamboyant, colourful, unparalleled, unmatched, unprecedented, unrivalled, inconceivable, imperceptibly, inapprehensible.
	point out, stress, highlight, outline, emphasise, pinpoint, gloomy forecast, address, refer, raise, pose, subjected to, tackle, tinker with, sort out, unravel (untangle), targeted at, morphed into, rooted in, tweak (fine-tune).
	as regards, as (far as it) concerns, with regard to, in respect of, with respect to, in relation to, relative to, in connection with; in view of this, from my perspective, irrespective of, regardless of.
	impugned matter, moot, in question, in dispute, at issue (matter at hand), under discussion, contentious issue, charge imputed, confide, confess, testimonies, perjury (bearing false witness).
	incentive, impetus, momentum, spur, stimulus, lean/sway toward, it stinks, reeks.
	lawsuits, docket, entries in the court rolls.
	squabble, wrestle, contend, fight, confront, tussle, struggle, strife, assail, pounce on (hound), grapple with, to immerse in.
	crook, swindler, looter, villain, culprit, thief, racketeer, robber, rapper, raider, burglar - calumny, slur, slander, defame, gossip, debauching.
	argument sustained, irrefutable, to counter (object, demur, dispute), irrebuttable, solid, untenable, indefensible, feeble (tenuous, flimsy, insubstantial), strong, solid, compelling, judicious, sensible (cerebral), expedient, sanity, meaningful, thoughtful, candid, indefensible, cogent and conclusive evidence, excluded from the outset.
	in support of, on the grounds of, accurate, indirectly inferred from, supportive, probative, shred of evidence, self-evident, indisputable, irrefragable, unimpeachable, incontrovertible evidence, unassailable, undeniable, infallible.
	in the blink of an eye, gleam, glimpse into, glance, gaze, stare, insight, spark.
	presumably, probably, seemingly, apparently, supposedly, reputedly, allegedly (ostensibly), reportedly.
	sully, nasty, muddy, dirty about, filthy, obscene (lewd), freak of/funky, match, fit the theory, certain length of time, scant/meager, loosely known as, to culminate with/top it all, climax, kindle the spark.
	draft a letter, file/lodge a request, rejoinder/reply, switch emphasis, preconceived statement, proved pointless/decisive, bundle the case, court bundle, broad and purposive interpretation, misconstrued.
	tedious, boring, dull, tiresome, restless, long-winded (at length), exhausting, fatiguing, wearisome, weary.
	witty, quip, catty, spiteful, caustic remark, uplift, elevate onto the forefront.
	long for (yearn for, pine for, crave), desire (fancy).
	silly/dumb question; disgraceful, infamous;
values you espouse, embrace, advocate.
	have a nerve, strike a raw nerve, have the guts to, be impudent (brazen, arrogant, presumptuous, shameless, cheek), aggressive, obstinately, opinionated, steadfastly, show effrontery.
	willingly, voluntarily or forcibly, witting or unwitting, in despondent mood, discouraged (dispirit, unnerve, dishearten, depress), go rogue, act on one’s own, against expectations or orders.
	tough/tempted to say, tightly tied/bound, borne in mind, decent precision, overwhelming, futile, hollow pretext, pointless, narrative.
	have qualms (reservations, concerns, unease, anxiety) about, be apprehensive, not foregoing, underway, in progress, ongoing, abreast, afoot, in full swings, aligned with, updated, in line with.
	
Verbs Followed by an INFINITIVE (She agreed to speak before the game): agree, aim, appear, arrange, ask, attempt, be able, beg, begin, care, choose, condescend, consent, continue, dare, decide, deserve, detest, dislike, expect, fail, forget, get, happen, have, hesitate, hope, hurry, intend, leap, leave, like, long, love, mean, neglect,  offer, ought, plan, prefer, prepare, proceed, promise, propose, refuse, remember, say, shoot, start, stop, strive, swear, threaten, try, use, wait, want, wish.

Verbs Followed by an Object and an Infinitive (Everyone expected her to win): advise, allow, ask, beg, bring, build, buy, challenge, choose, command, dare, direct, encourage, expect, forbid, force, have, hire, instruct, invite, lead, leave, let, like,  love, motivate, order, pay, permit, persuade, prepare, promise,  remind, require, send, teach, tell, urge, want, warn (Note: Some of these verbs are included in the list above, and may be used without an object).

Verbs Followed by a GERUND (They enjoyed working on the boat): admit, advise, appreciate, avoid, can't help, complete, consider, delay, deny, detest, dislike, enjoy, escape, excuse, finish, forbid, get through, have, imagine, mind, miss, permit, postpone, practice, quit, recall, report, resent, resist, resume, risk, spend (time), suggest, tolerate, waste (time).

Verbs Followed by a Preposition and a Gerund (We concentrated on doing well): admit to, approve of, argue about, believe in, care about, complain about, concentrate on, confess to, depend on, disapprove of, discourage from, dream about, feel like, forget about, insist on, object to, plan on, prevent (someone) from, refrain from, succeed in, talk about, think about, worry about.
