Boils down to.
Come down to.
	Unless I'm very much mistaken.
Misremember. Squander. Overhaul.
	Connive at it.
Condone.
	Step things up, problems brewing here, or stemming or rooting from there.
	Wiggle out of his liability.
	Doesn't factor in the equation.
Valiantly resisted.
	Pull off the task.
	Be on the upswing. Bring about.
	Draw up the writ.
	Unfettered of, unrestrained, devoid.
	Take stock of.
	Pry into affairs. Draw on my experience.
Geared toward. Prey on our blunders.
	Set about doing it.
	Cling to chance. Sneak into.
	Lay terms.
	Loom, lurk, rustle, creep up to.
	Snap out of it.
	No one, least of all me.
	Ominous, daunting.
	To say the least. Crack down on.
Clamp down on. Stifle.
	As befits the genre.
	Gossiping about. Blabber.  Palaver.
Collude. Disparage. Rampage.
	Tinged with.
	Sideline the player. Hand over to.
	Clogged up with,
Obtrusive.
	Redundant, superfluous, cluttered with.
Hold grudge.
	Little did we realize.
	Contentious, moot, impugned matter, debatable, in dispute. 
	It doesn't square with the story.
	Facts unfolded, unravel.
[spin] yarns, figment, fabrication.
	Gratuitous.
Scoff at...
	Unwarranted, presumptuous.
Blanket, indiscriminate. Utterly forgotten.
	Expedient.
Summarily.
	Obstinately, discretionary. Irretrievable.
Give a read. Surmise.
	Backfired, backslide.
	Linger on. Hinge on. Digress.
Gleaned from.
	Buy into,
snap it up.
	Tamper with. Meddle in. Tinker with.
Cast about for.
	Quibble about words.
	Roundabout, rambling, diffuse, elusive.
Far-fetched conclusion.
	Draw to a close.
	Scaffold, mockup, tradeoff, dejunk.
	Prequel and sequel.
	Predicated on, quandary, predicament, conundrum, ordeal. In a pickle.
	Vouchsafe me an answer.
	Supercilious, condescending, patronising. Final fling.
	Mince words.
Quip witty rems.
	Begs the question.
In the loosest terms.
	Errant, blabber.
	Platitudes. Fawn over the guests.
	Put/set on hold.
Subsist.
	Sealed indictment. Rule out the chance.
Foregone conclusion.
	Drawback.
	Acrobatics to escape the point. Stunts. Conjure. Juggle with.
	Inducement to coax.
	To the best of my recollection.
On our own volition. Adulation.
	Crammed into, convoluted.
	Answer rests in your question.
Call into question the veracity.
	Entice into.
	No grasp of what it means. Lure. Bait. Decoy.
	Rumours has it.
Stir memories.
	Hampered by vocabulary. Hinder. Thwart. Concocted story.
	Likens one to another.
	Conventional wisdom, common sense.
Consistent with. Doesn’t hold.
	Purport, ostensible.
	Detached from reality.
Quirk. Shenanigan. Deterrence. Swindle.
	Instill bias.
Deceit.
	Inbuilt, entrenched, hardwired.
Manipulated by authoritarian regimes.
	Long for, crave, desire.
	Stop by the office on the way.
Yell and whine.
	Kick it off.
	Take its toll. This has paid off.
	Cogent. Manifest.
Blatant.
	Go after it. Look forward to it.
Straighten things out.
	Dangle.
Arouse suspicions.
	Awaken. In-depth. Verbatim. At length. Extensively. Patently. Glaring. Salient.
	It gives me away.
	All of the sudden. Far cry. At large.
	Disgraceful.
Infamous.
	Reprehensible. Despicable. Insidious.
Never crossed my mind. 
	Lenient. Steadfast.
	Resolutely. Peruse. Bodes well.
	My take on it.
Untether.
	Stand by. Surfaced. Wronged. Propensity.
Feel unease about it.
	Imperil.
	Disgruntled. Disaffected. Adamantly.
	Extenuating mitigating circumstances.
	Vying, jostling, jousting, grapple.
Long for. Desire. Crave revenge.
Come across, bump into, stumble on.
	Take aim at…
Slamming.
	In broad daylight, plain sight. Drum up support. Double down efforts.
	Tipping point.
Vilify people.
	Humouring him. Go sour. Smirk at. Be apprised. Lock horns over. Draw near.
	Oversight.
Veiled intent.
	Save you the bother. Look a bit off.
Here we go again. Behave yourself.
	Ulterior motives.
To no avail.
	Dodgy, unreliable or fraudulent.
Unsuited for. Rambling gibberish.
	Forthcoming.
Apprehensive.
	Forthcoming, apprehensive.
Into undue details. Eat away. Dry up.
	Hazard.
Endeavour.
	Encroach on freedom. Forgo sleep.
Minded to do it. Come in handy.
	Relish, savor.
Wager, bet.
	Reach out to him. Escape retribution.
Spring to mind. Libel. Worse yet.
	Freak out.
Attend to matters.
	No bearing on. Give his due.
Tantamounts to suicide.
	Fawning sycophant.
Lower the guard.
	Dawned on me, occurred to me.
Reinstate. Premised on false assumption.
Was of no avail.

Attend to matters, to the fullest.
Breeds terror, give him his due.
Divisive, sass your parents, cheek them.
Out of his turn, falls to me, fall prey to.
Hold it dear, duped the opponents.
Case-law, safeguard, hand over, no bearing on.
Bear witness to, attest to, instill trust, go unnoticed.
Treated as such, as-is, keep under wraps, well concealed.
We are faced with, do you mind my asking.

Next to nothing comparing with, sought after, in demand, be true to the cause.
On crossroad, find the loophole, take stock of the situation, come across it.
I long to see it come true.
Mishandle, store it in the back of your mind.
Pry into your routines and techniques.
My quick take on it. A short stroll, walkthrough.
They prey on our inconsistencies. Draw on blunders.

Tap into a new realm, tap or deplete resources.
Set about doing this. Cling to this chance. Tinged with.
Don’t be presumptuous. Stems from. Springs to mind.
Backfired. We backslide. Hardship. Apprehensive.
Casting about for candidates. It favours us.
Foregone conclusion. Rambling. Diffuse.
Quibble about words. Mince words. Platitudes.
To the best of my recollections. Inducement. Conflate.

Stir memories. It takes its toll. Glaring, salient, manifest.
Arouse suspicions. All of the sudden.
Doesn’t bode well. Disgruntled. Take aim at you.
Extenuating circumstances. Oversights.
To humour you. Save you the bother. Look a bit off.
A melee, scuffle, skirmish with caustic remarks. Quips.
Digress, stray away from, astray. Slander and gossip.
Angry at the outcome. Squabbling groups, quarrel.
Give rise to, cause, induce, inflict on.

Bamboozle. At odds with each other. What’s it looks like? Prankish. Blinker.
Witting or unwitting, have qualms. Quirk, freak, whim.
Forged, rigged, phony, bogus, doctored, tampered.
Rule out the possibility, to top it all off. Tasks piled up.
Take with a grain of salt. Forgo discussion.
Personal slant. Overdo. Mishandled, say flat out, upfront.
Haughty disdain. Subtleties. Muse on problem, fathom the idea.
Lock horns with us. Vague inkling, hunch, clue, premonition.
Inconsequential, extraneous. Chicken out. Flounder in shallow waters.

Connivance of officials. Allegiance. Step things up.
Surmise, guestimate on scanty evidence.
Distraught person. Spook the customers. Inadvertently.
Little headway, progress. Flunk the test.
Fair enough, couldn’t agree more.
Anti-scientific stance, slant. Preposterous silly idea.
Enticement. Lure. Worth the challenge.
To perrot, air. Outlandish. Uncanny. Haphazard, unsystematic. Tardy and faulty.

Get along with, to occasion it.
He motioned to reconsider.
Fill us in. Apprise. Wishy-washy.
Escape retribution. Subsisted.
Spare us the introduction.
Commendable, praiseworthy. Rebuke.
Final fling. Safely ensconced.
A Pretty far-fetched story. Legit ways.
Miserly person, cormorant. Sycophant. Untether yourself.
Get it done the right way, insatiable demand.

Smirk at someone. Spell out everything.
By and large, generally, all in all, give nuts and bolts.
Fraught with peril. Weary and fatigued.
Hold the grudge. Crave vengeance.
Matter at hand, at issue. Forthcoming with us.
Reprehensible, despicable. Mood swing.
It gives him away. Boils down to.
Tipping point. Inflection. Crunch time.
Pull off intractable problems.

Leaked out the information, rehash old propaganda.
Layman's terms. Standard disclaimer.
Proclivity to, propensity, inclination.
Pangs of conscience. Remorse. Omniscient narrator.
Gaslight, manipulate. Burst into laughter.
Hurl into the fray. Sobering indicator.
Curtailed freedoms, hardly contain himself.
Spin a tale, yarn. Twist facts.
Misread, misspoke. Gratuitous, unwarranted.
Single-handedly, unipersonally. Wholeheartedly advise.

Freaking out the neighbours, honing your skills.
Adamantly claim that, tradeoff.
Obstinacy, stubbornness, intransigency.
Pretty damn punctual. Ostensible.
Lightning rod, surge suppressor.
Mishandled, escape the morass.
Groundwork, square with the story.
Gossiping about, spread rumours, hurl invectives at.
Concur with, concur on this, go along with, agree.
Crack down on justice, off the track, off the rails, beside the point.

As we move down the list, we spot new flaws, jot it down on paper.
Indolent, lazy, reckless, irascible, touchy.
Rife with. Disparage, discredit. Encroach on.
Entrenched in. Deterrent. Inanity. Blabber.
In plain sight, broad day. Eschew, shun, shy away.
Predicament, quandary, conundrum, embarrassment, cumbersome, ordeal.
Contradictory, contentious, moot, vague.
Hazy recollection, in remembrance of.
Undivided attention, undistracted.
Rule out the chance.

Forfeited the moral right to say.
Ripe, baked in mind, dejunk.
Acrobatics to escape the point.
An edge on (over), sharply curtailed.
Reach out to, get through to somebody.
It begs the question. Cog in a wheel.
Trust your gut. Norms reinstated.
Do it along the way. Stand ready to assist. Mince words.
Take precedence over it.
Tinker with details. Meddle in affairs.
Drawing on experience.

Deep-seated distrust, rancour. Acquiescence, succumb.
Vexing disarray. Lies ahead of us.
Information percolates through.
The bell tolls. Roll up sleeves.
Clogged up with old problems. Stalled.
Concoct a plan. Strong aversion to us.
Suffice it to say, improvise on the flight.
Free-flowing dialogues, structureless.
Spiritus rector, mastermind. Frivolous, at will.
Try the utmost to, be judgemental.
Gratify the request.

Daunting task, ominous. Clarion signal.
Call into doubt, into question, scrutinise.
Under the guise of, veneer, disguised.
Revamp, overhaul, recondition, mend.
Bogged into intricacies.
Prone to incentives, susceptible.
Blandishment, inducement to coax, off-guard, wrongfooted.
Stumble on him, encounter by chance, run into, cross path.
Cram the agenda in, concede with a shrug.
The onus, responsibility rests on you.
Nuisance, effrontery, have the nerve.

Cloak fear by smiling, dissemble.
Flip-side, curiosity outweighs fear. Filch this joke.
It resonates with, squares, dovetails, it meshes with our plans, harmonise with.
System glitches and quirks. Freak.
Wield arbitrary power and authority.
Cronies and stooges, poodle.
Conventional wisdom, haunted by this obsession.
Cloud thinking. Train of thoughts.
Under the hood. Flurry of activity. Checks and balances, whistleblower.

Untamed maniacal swindler. At a rough guess.
Blunder into, typo, Freudian slip, fortuitous.
Hasty, expeditious, ostensible goal, pursue.
Forcible or voluntary enforcement.
Devoid of sense and pointless.
Ascribe significance to. Dubbed so.
Delusion of grandeur. Entails, ensues.
Rest assured of. Figment, with impunity.
Switched emphasis under utterly hollow pretext.
Reasonably infer that. Sided with villains. Inference.
Constantly eludes me. Thorough, astute or cursory scrutiny.
Reconcile and then reciprocate. Evocative.

Given the evidence, compelled to, coerced. Provided that.
Cannon fodder. Heed this sage advice.
Set off on the right course, heading toward.
Dissent from your viewpoint. Dispel, debunk.
Muddy waters, uncharted territory.
Pervasive, ubiquitous perception, rife.
Stain on his reputation, tainted by allegations.
Tantalising questions. Wetting appetite.
Stalemated. Unshackled, untethered. Interpose, interject.
To my dismay and consternation.
Disavows the past, repudiate.
Goes without saying. Suffice it to say. As the story goes.
By-product and side-effect. Rumour has it.

Grace us with your presence.
Feud between two camps, foes.
Commuted sentence. Stalk me stealthily.
Long overdue, outside the scope. Settle scores, contiguous issues, adjacent.
Foregone conclusion, ulterior motives.
Add insult to injury. Apologise unreservedly.
Stand trial for, stand accused of, this ends the case.
Give vent to anger, now as before. Juggle, conjure.
A little creepy, frightening.
Tip us out. Outburst of rage. Get ahold of.
Get wind of the gossip.

Fend for ourselves, war of attrition.
Unsuited for this, undue details.
Be faced with. Have regard to.
Unchecked, undivided, untethered power.
Past the tipping point. Capped at, tantamounts to suicide.
Fix your worries. Try not to curse.
Gratuitously offensive. Delve inside myself.
Full-blown, full-fledged, worn out.
Lost for words, at loss. Conducive. Case-law.
Tout in pestering manner. Owe confort. No sweat.
Undistinguishable by bare eye. Devolve into.
If memory serves. Mind you. Faring no better.
Travesty of justice. Fixated on the idea.
Entrapment. Forgo commenting. Next to nothing.
Cocky, arrogant, presumptuous.

case-law, precedent
	misconduct, unlawful behaviour, improper conduct, inappropriate
	binding, principles, mandatory
	safeguard, guarantee, protection
	point out - indicate
	handed the summonses over to them, hand over to
	sets forth the rights, enshrine
	as set out below
	tenuous or blanket accusations, indiscriminate
	impugned decision, challenged
	to tick the checkbox
	how the rules were infringed
	give rise to claims, raise
	something that has some bearing on the issue, some relevance to it
	the court made clear that, explained
	the court set out the circumstances under which
	for the reasons set out below, for reasons unknown
	we forgo commenting on whether
	file handling and judicial management, case management
	a tardy decision
	ancillary claim, supplemental and dependant on another claim
	interlocutory judgment, given provisionally during the course of a legal action
	put on trial for nothing and charged with an offence
	stand accused of a crime they didn't commit
	he exonerates himself from the any accusation
	ill-founded, compelling, cogent, conclusive evidence
	bar, preclude
	equal in rank
	blatant, wanton, arbitrary
	set out in article X
	articles are framed in very plain and general terms
	dismiss the trial, stop, terminate
	complete the judicial investigation and proceed to judicial debates
	legal fiction - fact assumed or created by courts in order to help reach a decision or to apply a legal rule
	the court overruled the decision, reject by exercising one's superior authority
	the Court overthrew the decision of the lower courts, overturned the decision, dismissed it
	we do not consider that any prejudice in fact resulted
	be barred from voting, precluded from
	reasoned conclusion, motivated
	the court's administration of the evidence, case handling
	substantiated, give credence to
	criminal deeds - actions, acts, misdeeds, wrongdoings
	these judges were assigned the case
	release of the person from the criminal prosecution
	probatory elements, probative
	attest to the fact, confirm, support, provide or serve as clear evidence of, testify, bear witness to that
	plain, conspicuous, glaring, salient, striking
	criminal act or intent (mens rea and actus reus), deed, summonsing
	body of the crime, of the offence (corpus delicti)
	we submit that, present for consideration and judgment
	we hold that, consider, find
	a problem has arisen
	what is at stake in the dispute
	the entire case rests on one allegation
	whatever is the case
	case remanded to the first instance for retrial
	forged, doctored, tampered, trumped-up evidence, tamper with evidence, cooked-up, spurious, fabricated
	distortion and misapplication of substantive law
	to seek leave to do it, to ask the permission of the court
	strike off the court rolls and docket
	the court files were improperly doctored to give the appearance of legal regular proceedings
	not only did the court lack jurisdiction
	entries in the court rolls
	accused of or charged with a criminal offence
	respectfully request this Court to take cognizance of this
	lack of foundation
	peaceful enjoyment of his possessions
	impugned decisions related to the deprivation of property
	take advantage of a weakness or a loophole in the system
	fair balance to be struck between the competing interests
	once the court is satisfied that..., it embarks on the substantive analysis of the circumstances complained.
	chance to put the matters right.

- not in itself sufficient to attract the applicability of Article

Consistency of domestic case-law (precedence), Adversarial proceedings, Equality of arms, Administration of evidence, Witness evidence, witnesses called, Expert opinions, Reasoning of judicial decisions, Public hearing

Judicial independence and impartiality tribunal established by law (territorial competence and investigative comp.) right to a fair trial (procedural guarantees/safeguards), equality of arms s and adversarial proceedings (striking a fair balance between the parties), a public hearings and hearing in one's presence, reasons for decisions (...), effective remedy, appeals.

Absence of pre-action notification to the defendants, failure to summon and vicious summonsing, breach of the rule of random allocation of cases, distortion and misapplication of substantive law and the Criminal Procedure Code.

Everyone charged with criminal offences shall be presumed innocent until found guilty according to the law.
Subjected to politically motivated and improperly influenced criminal prosecution and convictions which have no legal basis.
Unlawful misconduct for which the state is responsible under the Convention.
Flagrant violation of rule of law and Convention rights.
What is especially noteworthy is that, perhaps uniquely in the history.
They and their families are in enforced exile, in a very precarious position as fugitive from justice.
The court files were improperly doctored to give the appearance of legal regular proceedings.
Orchestrated by and to the benefit of the culprit.
Not only did the court lack jurisdiction.
Breach of the rule of random allocation of cases.
Nor did it specify what property he is alleged to have appropriated.
The allegation is without any justification in law and fact.
The distortion and misapplication of substantive law and the Code of Criminal Procedure.

Right to confront prosecution witnesses. Presumption of innocence. Absence of legal certainty (with reasonable certainty). Unfair and unequal legal proceedings. No proper or sufficient reasons for decisions. Violation of "tribunal established by law" requirements. Right to an independent and impartial tribunal. Freedom of speech.

A. Right and access to a court: litigants should have an effective judicial remedy enabling them to assert their civil rights, brought before a court or tribunal. A  right that is practical and effective

B. Waiver: An individual cannot be deemed to have waived a right if he or she had no knowledge of the existence of the right. Right to prompt implementation of a final and binding judicial decision. Guarantees against outside pressure

Criteria for assessing impartiality: a subjective test: behaviour of a particular judge, that is, whether the judge held any personal prejudice or bias in a given case; an objective test: tribunal, composition, offers sufficient guarantees.

Article 6 breached: absence of legal certainty, unfair and unequal proceedings, no proper or sufficient reasons for the decisions, violation of the "established by law" requirements (jurisdiction, composition), right to defence, right to confront prosecution witnesses, improper prosecution, criminal liability limitation period (statute of limitation), classification of crimes.

Fairness: Equality of arms is an inherent feature of a fair trial. It requires that each party be given a reasonable opportunity to present his case under conditions that do not place him at a disadvantage vis-à-vis his opponent. Equality of arms requires that a fair balance be struck between the parties, and applies to criminal and civil cases. Subjective test of impartiality: the judge displayed hostility or ill will or has arranged to have a case assigned to himself for personal reasons. Objective test: concerns hierarchical or other links between the judge and other persons involved in the proceedings which objectively justify misgivings as to the impartiality of the tribunal, and thus fail to meet the Convention standard under the objective test.

Article 6. Right to a fair trial: 1. Everyone is entitled to a hearing
2. Tribunal established by law: composition, impartiality and independence; territorial jurisd. & investigative; breach of the principle of random allocation of cases.
3. Equality of arms and adversarial proceedings: witnesses; essential materials (disclosure of evidence); expertise.

4. Reasoning of judicial decisions: Reasoned decisions oblige judges to base their reasoning on objective arguments, and also preserve the rights of the defence. National courts should indicate with sufficient clarity the grounds on which they base their decision - distortion and misapplication of substantive law and the Code of Criminal Procedure; absence of legal certainty, no proper or sufficient reasons for decisions; improper prosecution; criminal liability limitation period (statute of limitation); classification of crimes; aplicarea retroactiva a legii; decizii pe presupuneri;
Article 13. Right to an effective remedy: Everyone whose rights and freedoms as set forth in this Convention are violated shall have an effective remedy before a national authority notwithstanding that the violation has been committed by persons acting in an official capacity.
